

=== SOURCE #2 (ID: gdKOXS5vqRA) ===
how to learn German efficiently and with
success that's the big question a question we often get asked by our
students and a question which is not that easy to answer just in a comment or
so therefore I'm doing this video a little bit weird because I'm the teacher
but I saw these techniques these tips on my students and after 10 years of
teaching I know what is working and what is not so take a pen and a piece of
paper and write down these tips with me together because if you only apply 50%
of all those tips I'm going to share with you I'm convinced I'm sure you will
make progress and you will see progress it doesn't matter if you learn German by
yourself with YouTube for example or you already taken German classes this video
is for all of you and actually also any level it still
applies for any level of course it's meant to be for beginners because
usually people who would search for this video they are beginners but it's also
definitely useful some tricks here for intermediate and advanced students and
if you are already taking classes then stick around because at the end in my
bonus tip I'm going to share some tips and tricks how you can make the best out
of your German classes from a teacher's view so I give you tip as a student how
you can make the best of out of your classes and in case we haven't met hello
L you're watching your German teacher the YouTube channel to learn German okay
if you want to learn German or actually any other language you need to focus on
four four main parts which are number one Leen listen to read reading number
two sh writing number three he listening and number
four to speak I'm going to give you tips to all four of those topics but what's
the most important thing is it's actually in dyam cop it's in your head
it's the mindset you cannot just say and say tomorrow I think I'm going to learn
German no problemo kind problem not going to happen because it's as you
probably already know not the easiest language to learn and everything which
takes a lot of effort a lot of work you better take goals you better write down
your goals so you need long-term goals which are for example studying in
Germany or get a job in Germany or maybe just traveling I just want to travel in
Germany and then I want to speak a little bit German
and then you also need shortterm goals if you have weekly schedules right try
to write down a weekly schedule this can be for example next week I want to learn
30 new words 10 verbs 10 nouns 10 adjectives or
I want to watch a movie completely in German with German subtitles but not
just enjoying it maybe also like taking notes and writing down words you don't
know these are short goals but important they
have to be realistic be patient German learning
German is not a Sprint it's a marathon like many other things in life as well
so we have to be patient and your goals have to be
realistic I often saw this with students that they super motivated in the
beginning and say oh and I want to learn German it's great and it's amazing and
I'm going to I'm going to have B1 in 3 months and then at some point their
goals were just too high and their expectations were quite high as well and
it was not possible to do and then they lost the
motivation so do baby steps and step by step small steps take your time and be
patient you will get there at some point and of course you need some teaching
material you need a textbook and a workbook you need some guidance and you
need to have some help to follow along what is the next step these are two
options we both johanes and me worked together with for the last couple years
and we found them very useful especially for beginners or and I'm very excited to
announce this you can also go on our new website your germant teer.com why
because since today our first A1 1.1 complete beginner online course is ready
and available it's meant for beginners of course but it's also probably very
interesting for intermediate students because what we got this feedback we had
intermediate student testing this course and their feedback was it was actually
also very useful for them so it is important to get the basics right it is
important to understand the grammar from the beginning especially in German all
all right let's go to the first topic which is lasen reading if you already
have a textbook you might also have some texts in there which you should read in
detail meaning if you don't understand the word look it up in a dictionary and
write it down which brings me to an important tip vocabulary how to learn
vocabulary and there I still think the best system on the market by far is
still the good old flash card system and now you might say oh ly that's so old
school I do just I use my phone I have apps for this and I would say yeah it's
okay but it's not that efficient because if you use your phone you're just typing
like this it's not really helping but if you write flash cards you're using your
hand with a pen and you're writing it down and it will stick here in your head
way easier so how to write a efficient flashcard system
on the one side you have the German word and on the other side you have your
translation in your preferred language now this is important if it's a noun you
always always write it together with the definite article definite article always together
with why because German genders probably also know this already is is one of the
biggest problems for all German Learners it doesn't matter what level if you do
this right from the beginning you definitely have an advantage later and
less problem because it's going to be important these genders are going to be
very important now the second thing if it's
an adjective write it together with the opposite course clle Snell fast longam
slow and so on if it's a verb write it together with a whole
sentence a simple easy sentence for example the
verb then to write and then a sentence in German keep it simple but make a
sentence not just the verb try to use it think of something you like to to say
and like this it will also stick here much better also try to use different
subjects not always make the sentence with as
email email try to use different subject subjects do a z v also plural very
important this is something a lot of German students Miss because most of the
example sentences they do in class also is just is and do try to use the other
subjects as well and now if you want to read German short stories I can
recommend you this website here german. net it's not sponsored it's just
something which I found very useful it's a really good online and free resource
you can choose your level and even get some comprehensive exercises for each
text it's a really convenient and really good website is for free and it has
texts for each and every level let's go to the second part Shri writing and here
as well very old school but very efficient writing a diary it doesn't
have to be every single day but maybe twice or three times a week that would
be already very very helpful and here important write it again with your pen
and in a notebook don't write it on your computer first you can first write it in
a notebook and afterwards you can type it also in your computer so you can keep
it there and also double check it which is easier for you important don't put
whole sentences into a translator this is absolutely not helpful try to just
look up single vocabulary and try to use the vocabulary you know already keep it
simple in the beginning doesn't have to be a fancy text keep it as simple as
possible once you progress once you get to intermediate level then you can try
to make your sentences as long as possible but in the beginning keep it as
simple as possible at least everything has to be in German if you want to look
up words I can recommend dick. CC it's also available as an app on your phone
it's for free it's available offline English German dictionary I think it's
quite works it works well if you want to go more into detail ling.com is a good
website where you can look up words and they also give you example sentences
there if you need to correct your sentences use deep.com this is a quite
good English terman or German English translator where you actually can put
whole sentences in it and it will give you a good result number three listening
H for listening you have quite a big selection of resources start with movies
and TV shows you know already and of course you like as well watch them in
German with German subtitles and here again the same thing
watch it actively meaning step by step so that's what I said for a week like a
week goal could be watching a movie or two shows episodes or something
because you really have to stop and think did you understand it maybe listen
again hear again and write down words you don't know same thing as before
write it down and put it in your flashcard system another very useful
resource I found are podcasts just like a radio
nowadays I found coffee break German very useful or my students recommended
this as well they have episodes in all different level they have everything for
each level free and paid and if you're interested in documentaries you can find
very interesting short and long format videos in German and with subtitles on
the YouTube channel of Inu they have over 900 videos on their
Channel and I'm pretty sure that you find something which you like it has to
be something you like and you cannot just watch anything try to find
something which you're interested in a topic you're interested in and here a
small side tip as well if you watch these movies or these short videos go to
settings and change the playback speed to
0.75 or start even with 0.5 like this you can understand way
more and read it at the same time and of course there's also YouTube channels
there's tons of good YouTube channels out there I just want to mention one
which which I think is one not only one of the biggest but also one of the best
is easy German you probably know it already if not then you definitely have
to check it out I'm going to put a link also in the description why because they
do have lots of videos with real life situations so they go on the street and
interview people and there you can actually hear the real German how it's
spoken on the street how it's spoken in Germany this is definitely more useful
for people who live already in Germany but also for people who are beginners or
don't live there yet is just to get a glimpse of the real German something
which is usually not taught in textbooks and last but not
least speaking probably the most important part for a lot of you guys but
also very tricky we always get this question how do I become fluent in
German and the answer is always the same it's uben uben you been practice
practice practice I know you don't want to hear this but there is no other way
you have to practice there is no magic pill or
shortcut for this you do have to speak and you have to
practice imagine when you learned to ride a bicycle or when you learned how
to drive a car you can watch all the YouTube movies in the world read all the
books in the world on how to drive a car at the end you still can't drive what
you have to do is you have to sit yourself in a car and drive these cars
the more you drive the better driver you become that's the same thing for
languages it's exactly the same thing you have to speak the more you speak the
better and more fluent you will become I know I know lots of you feel embarrassed
to speak or are just too too shy I have been there when I came to Taiwan I
couldn't speak one single word of Chinese so I took an intensive class
learned some vocabulary and then I forced myself to use it in daily life
whenever I went by groceries whenever I went to buy food I tried to use it as
often as possible but you really have to force yourself it took me quite a while
until I was able to speak Chinese in front of people I know so first of
course do it by yourself when nobody's listening and this already helps
eventually you will get there and eventually at some point it will not be
a problem anymore but you need to start the sooner the better now if you don't
live in Germany of course it's a little bit more difficult you don't have people
to talk to maybe you don't have anybody to talk German to therefore there is
another technique I watched a guy recently on a YouTube video I also going
to link it down below and he learned several languages just by talking to
himself that's another technique if this sounds too weird for you maybe you like
singing try singing in the shower try to sing some German songs there is
different options of course you can always also find a tund them partner on
Facebook for example there's tons of Facebook groups where people like you
are learning German and they all have the same problem they have not a tund
them partner somebody to speak to go into these groups find somebody where
you can speak to which has the same level and if you are taking classes then
the teacher should give you lots of time in each and every class to speak if not
tell your teacher hey teacher please we need some time to speak speak you
definitely need some time to speak in the class where you speak only German
talking about classes this brings me to my bonus tip how to get the most out of
your German classes first thing is try to be as
active and as motivated as possible because there's nothing worse
for a teacher than just a bunch of students who are just sitting there and
doing nothing the teacher will perform the best if you are also interested and
show this to them so be active ask questions ask questions very important
any kind of questions it doesn't matter as many as you want there is no stupid
questions teachers love questions and third do the homework
homework is important why it's kind of helping you to review because most
students they don't review but it's important reviewing is one of the most
important facts to learn a language it is very important and homework doing
homework is kind of helping you to not forget to review something I suggest you
to watch these two playlists you have a grammar playlist and a vocabulary
playlist where you can continue to learn German hope you learned something I hope
you use some of those techniques and methods Che

=== SOURCE #3 (ID: ADiFsOVDrMQ) ===
tired of memorizing lists and lists of
vocabulary wondering if there are more effective methods to learn new words in
this video I'll share my best tips to help you expand your German vocabulary
fast and effectively if you're new to the channel hello and has safe with
common my name is salomi I'm a native German teacher and on this channel speak
fluent German I teach practical real life German and learning strategies for
beginners I'm also the Creator of the German fluency Academy an online course
and community in which I help people go from absolutely zero knowledge all the
way to a confident and conversational level if that is something you aim to
achieve then the best place to get started is with my free tasta lesson
which is linked below by the end of the lesson you'll find out more on how you
can study German with me inside the academy all right let's talk about the
best ways to expand your vocabulary quickly first up learn word families a
word family is basically a group of words that come from the same root or
base called the word stem this is one of the most effective strategies for
building your vocabulary fast so instead of memorizing a single word you study a
collection of related words this approach helps you see patterns
understand word formation and learn how different forms are used in context all
of which make your language learning more practical and efficient take this
example Calen which means to buy this is the base verb now if we add a prefix
like Fair it becomes fa Cen and means to sell
Oren which means to shop so instead of fair we would add in and it becomes to
do grocery shopping in Calen or de C the purchase this noun is
formed from the verb Cen then we also got this C house literally the buying
house so in English we would say the department store
or the purchase agreement the seller or the salesman or
saleswoman or just de the sale notice how the word stem Cal evolves into
different words just by adding prefixes suffixes or turning it into a noun in
this example you didn't just learn what Calin means you also picked up seven
other related words from the same word family so learning related words like
this is not only expanding your vocabulary quickly but also helps you
understand spelling patterns and grammar Concepts more easily another fun
vocabulary activity is the poit challenge if you have been around for a
little bit you've probably already heard me talk about the Post-it challenge but
I'll keep mentioning it because this one is not only fun but also highly
effective simply write down new words on a posted note and stick them around your
house or workspace this constant exposure to words throughout your day
helps reinforce the meaning and usage you'll be amazed at how much more you
remember just by having them Insight regularly if you want to take it one
step further you can also write an example sentence with the activity
attached to that item the next tip I have for you is
learning one word in multiple contexts or word combination a great way to
deepen your understanding of German is to learn one word and explore how it's
used in different contexts and combinations this strategy helps you see
the versatility of a word and builds a more natural practical vocabulary take
the verb this means to make or do for example this word can be used in various
common phrases to throw a
party to take a break to go for a walk or to take a
walk to make music to be
fun to make a noise to go on a vacation and here are also a
few example sentences for these combinations with you like to make
music he is joking we take a break you guys so you plural are
throwing a party Z well they are making noise van
Mah when are you going on vacation in the formal U so this method not only
strengthens your vocabulary but also helps you understand how to use one word
in different contexts now you might be thinking to yourself that's all great
but how do I know if my example sentences make sense if I don't have
anyone to give me feedback good point personalized individual feedback is a
core component of my online course and Community the German fluency Academy I
work closely with my students providing feedback on pronunciation speaking and
writing we also have Live support sessions every single week and I
specialize in helping beginners go from their very first words to having their
first conversations with native speakers does that sound like something you want
to do too then check out the free Tesa lesson in the description box below and
by the end you'll know how to join us inside the German fluency Academy my
next tip for you guys is to learn homonyms so homonyms are words that
sound or are spelled the same but have different meanings in German many words
have the same form which can be confusing especially in speaking they
are a powerful way to expand your vocabulary because you can learn
multiple meanings of one single word and use it in different contexts here are
some common German homonyms and also example sentences for example debank
debank can mean the bench as in of bank I am sitting on the bench but
the bank can also mean the bank bank I'm going to the bank or this
example does schlo you might have heard of the famous castle schlo
noin so yes Das means the castle Das is gross the castle is big
but Theos can also mean the lock dasos is caput the lock is broken but this
concept or strategy doesn't only apply for nouns you can also use it for verbs
like this verb for example to pull this means to be
physically pulling something like for example
is I pull the door open you'll also see the word on Doors in public areas very
often as well but Cen can also mean to move so for example
Vin we are moving to Berlin or the verb G which means to go like for
example I go home but can also mean to work or to function so for example if
you say D or D N meaning that works or that doesn't work and of course this
concept also applies for adjectives like for example the adjective BL which is
the color blue is BL the sky is blue but in
coloquial German blow can also mean drunk like for example if you say is
total he is completely drunk or another adjective l l could mean light as in p
is light the package is light but light can also mean easy the task was easy or the opposite
of that could mean heavy or you might have guessed it it can also mean
difficult so learning homonyms is super helpful because it lets you pick up more
meanings of just one word and make your vocabulary grow faster next I've got a
classic for you reading it's no surprise that reading is one of the best ways to
build your vocabulary whether it's books articles blogs or even social media
posts reading exposes you to a wide variety of words and different contexts
make it a habit to read something every day even if it's just for a few minutes
so here's a great tip to make the most out of your reading highlight new words
but don't go overboard focus on like 10 to 15 new words for reading session if
you find yourself highlighting a lot of words you don't know it might be an
indicator that the text is a bit too difficult for your current level instead
look for texts that give you just a slight challenge meaning you understand
around 70 to 80% of the content and the remaining 20 to 30 will introduce you to
new words to help you grow and expand your vocabulary for beginners start with
simple material like song lyrics kids books or apps like rle if you come
across a word you don't know take a moment to look it up context is key so
understanding how the word is used in a sentence will help you remember it and
make it easier to recall it in the future so make reading a part of your
daily routine and watch how your vocabulary grow part of my program is
submitting regular read aloud voice recordings to not only help my students
expand vocabulary but also practice pronunciation at the same time so far
we've had everything from self-written stories to to song lyrics to children's
books and even historical articles my students get to choose what they want to
read they get feedback on the words they looked up and the pronunciation and the
best part about the community is accountability the motivation and
dedication of my students is literally contagious so if you want to join us the
best way to get started is with my free tasta lesson link below in the
description my next tip is to keep a vocabulary diary so keeping a vocabulary
diary is a simple but highly effective strategy for learning German the idea is
to write down 5 to 10 new words that you come across during your day making them
meaningful and highly relevant to your real life experiences this approach
helps you learn words in context which improves your ability to remember and
use them in future conversations so for example while sitting at the bus stop
you might notice a bird if you don't know what the German word for bird is
which is the F take a moment to look it up and write it down the next time you
see a bird you instantly recall the word because it's tied to your personal
experience or let's say you love to sit in a cafe and watch people I'm
definitely guilty of that and I usually start wondering about the story behind
those people like where did they come from what are they doing what is their
job and you can use that also to help you expand your vocabulary so for
example you see a person and you ask yourself oh what his or her job maybe
she or he is an engineer oh how do I say engineer in German and then I look it up
they engineer or the engineering and by adding these words to your diary you're
learning not just vocabulary but also how to use them in different contexts so
by doing this exercise ideally at the end of the day you have five to 10 new
words that are highly related to what you experienced during the day and this
technique reinforces your memory and helps words stick longterm because
you're associating them with your personal experiences so here you have it
effective and efficient techniques to help you grow your vocabulary in no time
and you know what's also a really good hack identifying English words used in
German we call these angly sisman I've actually made a whole video with 50 of
the most common English words that we use in German all the time definitely
worth checking that out if you want to expand your vocab in no time because
technically you already know all these words you just need to know if they also
exist in German or not I'll be back next week with another lesson for you guys

=== SOURCE #5 (ID: EvY4w5136B8) ===
how can I learn German successfully and
in the fastest way do you have any tips for learning German those are the
questions I get asked most and today I'm going to share with you exactly what you
need to do to master the German language effectively hello and hat Comon my name
is alomi I'm a German native teacher and polyot and I specialize in helping
expats and professionals who want to relocate to the German speaking
countries learn practical German for day-to-day life if that is something you
want for your learning Journey then hit the Subscribe button and the
notification Bell so you don't miss any of my weekly lessons also before we get
started I have an ebook which is my stepbystep guide on how to become fluent
in German which is linked below this video it's completely for free and I'm
sure you'll find some valuable tips in there as well all right let's get
started with today's lesson and make sure to take some notes in German as we
say vas man shed does Bight what you write that sticks all right before we
even dive into the intricacies of German grammar and vocabulary take a moment to
reflect on why you want to learn the language is it for work travel study or
personal interest understanding your motivation is crucial because it will
keep you focused and driven especially when the learning process becomes
challenging so step number one is getting clear on why do you want to
learn German do you need German to communicate with colleagues or clients
is it going to enhance your travel experience iians because you're planning
to visit Germany Switzerland or Austria perhaps you have German speaking family
members and you want to be able to connect with them on a deeper level
having a clear purpose will not only keep you consistent but also help tailor
your learning plan to meet specific needs after defining your purpose it's
important to set long-term and short-term goals let's start with the
long-term goals first long-term goals provide a road map for your language
learning Journey these goals should be ambitious yet realistic giving you a
sense of direction so examples for long-term goals could include achieving
a specific proficiency level such as for example the B1 level which is the
Intermediate Language level being able to hold a conversation in German on
everyday topics passing a German language exam required for work being
able to give job interviews to Lear your dream job write down your long-term
goals and revisit them regularly to remind yourself of what you're working
towards and feel free to share them in the comments I often time find that
we're more likely to achieve our goals when we just put it out there so I'm
very happy to hold that space for you here on this channel next let's get into
the shortterm goals while long-term goals set the destination shortterm
goals act as stepping stones that make the journey manageable and less
overwhelming break down your long-term goals into smaller achievable tasks so
for example you could aim to learn 50 new words each week that's 10 words
words per day if you're studying at least 5 days per week which I personally
would recommend but we'll get into the schedule and the time management in a
bit another short-term goal could be ordering your coffee or having a small
interaction with the Barista in German how these small term goals look like
depends on obviously your long-term goals another very important key factor
that a lot of people forget is your mindset learning a new language is a
marathon not a Sprint so it's important to have the right mindset that means
accepting the fact that it's going to be messy in the beginning a lot of people
are afraid to speak because they don't want to make any mistakes because they
think they sound stupid well let me tell you that mistakes are absolutely normal
and part of the journey and you can use them to learn from them and get better
however it is important to constantly ask for feedback because how else would
you know that you made a mistake if nobody is telling you so asking German
native speakers around you to correct you could be a good way to get
constructive feedback right on the spot if you don't have anyone to do that for
you or to guide you and you want to study German with me you are invited to
check out the German fluency Academy which is my signature program that takes
total beginners from absolutely zero knowledge all the way up to a
conversational level the best way to get started is to check out my free tasta
lesson that is linked below and I would love to see you there the next very
important key factor in order to learn ger or really anything successfully is
time and this is something most people struggle with I totally get it everybody
is busy busy with work busy with Shores busy with studying for University or
just busy with life and this is why it's so crucial to set a long-term goal and
to get really specific about your why you want to learn German which goes Way
Beyond language learning take Colleen for example one of my students she is a
single mother a full-time nurse and still managed to learn German every sing
day because her why was bigger than any excuse you could come up with she wanted
to find a job in Germany relocate there in order to create a better future for
herself and her son she achieved all of that despite her busy schedule you can
check out her story and how she did it and next I will have that link below if
you need a motivation booster so learning German needs to become a
non-negotiable so that you make time for it consistency is also key to language
learning success so develop a study routine that fits your lifestyle and
stick to it even if you can only dedicate 30 minutes a day to studying
German regular practice is often times more effective than intensive study
sessions so block out that time in your schedule do what you need to do to make
this possible otherwise it's never going to happen finding the right material and
courses I know this can be a challenge especially nowadays in this massive sea
of information finding a course is crucial to give your learning structure
and to focus on important Concepts that also build up on each other otherwise it
can feel like throwing spaghetti at the wall hoping something is going to stick
in terms of which course is the right fit for you definitely depends on again
your goals if you need to pass a specific exam as soon as possible you
might need an intensive course that is solely geared towards exam preparation
or do you want something geared towards practical daily life conversation do you
prefer to have an in-person classes or is it more convenient for you to learn
online all of these are questions you need to answer for yourself first and
then research which course fits best with your needs of course as mentioned
before I also have my own online program the German fluency Academy that is
geared towards daily life conversations and the main focus is to help you become
conversational in German so if you want to study German with me the best way as
mentioned before to get started is to join my free training for beginners
you'll find the link in the description box below now in order to learn any
language successfully you'll need to make sure that you cover reading
listening writing and speaking so here are my top tips on how to improve these
areas quickly let's start with reading first to improve your German reading
skills as a beginner start with simple texts like children's books and basic
readers which use Easy vocabulary and grammar Lily is a great app for that it
has over thousands of children's books I've mentioned them a couple of times
here on this channel and what I love about the platform is that they also
have the read alloud fun function where you can listen to native speakers read
the story to you also use online dictionaries such as lingui or leo.org
to check the meaning of unfamiliar words and create flash cards for a new
vocabulary to really maximize this exercise additionally read aloud to
practice your pronunciation and get an understanding of German sentence
structure and word order to improve your German listening skills start by
watching German media such as movies TV shows and YouTube videos with subtitles
to Aid your comprehension I have a bunch of videos on this channel with subtitles
to help you improve your listening skills so this is a great place to get
started besides that lingo Pai is also a great platform for watching TV shows and
movies in German with subtitles when watching videos or listening to audios
you can also slow down the playback speed to better catch every word and
phrase and of course engaging with real life situations by listening to German
speakers will help you to get used to the natural speed if you're not quite
there yet to have a full conversation I recommend to learn how to ask a lot of
questions first to keep the other person speaking so that you can sit back and
work on your listening skills all right let's dive into writing as a beginner
learning you don't want to overwhelm yourself with setting unrealistic tasks
for yourself start with short texts if you have German speaking friends or
family members you could start by sending text messages in German about
your day for example or write short emails about what you've been up to
another helpful activity is to write short diary entries that way it helps
you to expand vocabulary about the things and topics that are relevant to
your daily life for that you could also use lingui deel or leo.org to look words
up and have cat GPT to correct your text and give you feedback if you don't know
what cat GPT is it's basically an AI language model that can understand and
generate humanik text you can use it for correcting German writing task and in my
experience it works actually really well with simple texts simply input the text
that you've written and asked CH GPT to provide Corrections suggestions for
improvements and a feedback on grammar vocabulary and sentence structure it's
amazing what you can do with technology these days I've actually made an
in-depth video on how to use AI for your German learning so if you want to know
more about that you can check out this video next let's talk about how to
improve your speaking skills well you only get better at speaking by actually
speaking speaking to people duh I know this sounds obvious but you'd be
surprised how many people think they can improve their conversational skills by
getting a 200 300 or 400 day streak on dualingo save yourself the time and get
right to it as a beginner you'll obviously won't have full conversations
with someone yet however you can start with small daily interactions whether
that's with the Barista at your local coffee shop or your neighbor or the lady
at the bakery these daily life interactions are going to help you with
getting comfortable using the language if you're not living in Germany
Switzerland or Austria try to look for German communities in your area to find
a language partner we Germans are literally everywhere I realized that
when I was in puket which is a small peninsula in Thailand and I found a
German restaurant called dush and even a Bavarian Butcher and Delhi with mostly
German and swiss customers so if I'm able to find a German community
somewhere on an island in Thailand I'm pretty sure any major city also has
German communities you just need to research and look out for them if the
offline way is absolutely impossible for you I also recommend looking online for
example on tendem platforms Facebook groups or preply which is a website that
connects you with a German tutor I hope you have found these tips helpful don't
forget to check out my free training for beginners which is going to get you
started on the right path if you're looking to become conversational in
German quickly I would love to see you there I'll be back next week with
another lesson for you guys this is Al feel
some next M cheers [Music]

=== SOURCE #6 (ID: ZcxAfRXBdSs) ===
Hey everybody and welcome back to
Lingoni. My name is Jenny and today I want to show you how you can learn
German without getting bored or overwhelmed. I'll show you 10 easy tips
that actually work. No grammar drills or endless vocabulary lists. Let's get
started. [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause] Number one, learn in chunks, not just
words. So instead of just learning verbs such as you can learn an entire phrase
that you're going to use frequently. For example, that way you'll naturally pick up
grammar and sentence structure. You'll find exactly these types of example
sentences in the Lingoni videos, podcasts, and exercises. Number two,
practice every day. 10 to 15 minutes every day is much better than cramming
once a week. You can set yourself fixed times and small goals. And the Linggoni
app makes it easy. You get new exercises every day. Number three, speak out loud
even if you're alone. This actually trains the muscles in your face. And
this is a very important part of learning a language.
How do you do that? For example, you can listen to the Linggoni podcasts and
videos where you can listen to native speakers and repeat what they're saying.
Number four, watch German content with subtitles. You can watch TV shows,
movies, and YouTube as long as it's in German. That's a great way to practice
listening, reading, and understanding the language. You can also find hundreds
of videos with German subtitles on our YouTube channel. Number five, listen to
podcasts while doing other things. This is a great way to learn the language
passively. You can do that while cooking, while working out, or when
commuting to work. Number six, use interactive exercises and apps. This is
a great way to mix up listening, grammar exercises, and vocabulary training. With
the Lingone platform, you get everything in one place, videos, exercises, tests,
and much more. Number seven, make German part of your life. You can stick postits
on your furniture, for example. That way, you see the German words every day.
You can also write your shopping lists in German and follow German creators on
social media. Number eight, learn grammar in context. So, instead of just
learning the word, you can learn the word in an example sentence. You can find thousands of these kinds of
example sentences in Lingoni app. Number nine, record yourself in German. This
will help you with your pronunciation and confidence. The Lingoni app even has
a pronunciation tool. You can listen to native speakers and repeat after them.
Number 10, don't be afraid of making mistakes. Mistakes are part of the
process. Keep going and learn from them. The more you practice, the faster you'll
improve. And that's it. What's the next step? Go to linggoni.com/trial
and sign up for our free trial. You can get an overview of our entire learning
resources from A1 to B2. We'll see you there. Bisp. juice.

=== SOURCE #7 (ID: 5ktQgcgDN74) ===
I went from zero to fluent in German and
you can copy exactly what I did. No fluff, no secret methods, just a system
that works. Here's a quick question for you. How many words do you think you
need to know to understand the majority of spoken German? The answer is around
3,000 words. Just 3,000 words can unlock 95% of spoken German for you. But if you
have ever tried learning a foreign language, you probably know that simply
learning words is not enough. You need to hear them in context over and over
again to really understand and start using them. And that brings me to the
first and most essential part of learning German that I want to share
with you. Comprehensible input. Comprehensible
input is about consuming content that you can mostly understand, even if there
are some words or grammar that you don't know yet. So it should be challenging
enough to push you forward but not so hard that you feel lost. Let me give you
a personal example here. When I had approximately B2 in German, I thought I
was advanced enough to start reading some serious stuff. So I decided to
combine two of my interests, philosophy and learning German. I chose the
original German book for it, which was Nisha's Pragustra. But of course, it
didn't go as planned and I gave up after just a couple of pages.
I mean, what else would you expect from trying to read sentences that consist of
60 words like this one? And it's not just about the length of the sentences,
but also the style of the language that Nit is using here. So, instead of
Nichze, I picked up something that was more appropriate for my level, which was
Shaka by Stefan. That was comprehensible input for me. This book was still
challenging. It was a bit above my level, but I could still guess the
meaning of some words from the context. And that's the key. This method applies
to any kind of input, whether it's books, podcasts, or movies. They have to
be level appropriate for you. And you might be wondering where can you
actually find this kind of books or movies. When it comes to books, there is
a big variety of literature that still tells the original story, but the
vocabulary was adapted to different levels. So you can search for this
adapted books online like for example Da Vanlung by France Kafka. As for movies
or series here are some of my favorite ones. For A1 learners I recommend Nikas.
For A2 learners check out Extra of Deutsch or Nikasv for A2. And for B1
learners I recommend Turkish FFinga. For B2 and C1 learners you can already start
watching regular German YouTube channels and documentaries like SWR do. And if
you want to find more amazing and free resources for learning German, I have an
entire video about it which will be linked in the description below. Once
you have started to learn German with comprehensible input, the next step is
to start using it even more actively with this powerful method, retelling
stories. This one is probably the most useful thing I did when I was learning
foreign languages. Now, this method does take some discipline, and it's nice to
have someone to practice it with, like a teacher or a friend. The retelling
method perfectly combines with comprehensible input that we talked
about earlier. And this is how it works. You watch a series or read a couple of
pages from a book that is level appropriate for you. But instead of just
consuming the information and forgetting it, you'll have to be intentional with
it here because your task is to retell what you have seen or read in your own
words. The story doesn't have to be long. It could be really short, maybe
just a minute or two. But you might need to write down some key points that you
want to talk about. Note the chronology of events or put down the vocabulary
that you want to use when you are retelling the story. This is a cool way
to push words from your passive vocabulary into your active one. It
forces you to actually use the language instead of just passively consuming it.
Another very important part of what I was doing when I was learning German is
grammar drills. Grammar might feel boring at times, but it's the foundation
of every language. So, having a resource for grammar drills, whether it's a hard
copy book or an online tool, will benefit you a lot. A good example is
Shoubet Felak's grammar exercises online. This will help you speak German
automatically without having to stop for an entire minute to think whether you
should say
orang. Finally, here's a fact that applies to any language learning system
and that we all really need to accept. Learning is always messy. It's a
nonlinear process with lots of ups and downs. And as much as we'd always like
to have a structured approach and steady progress, that's just not going to work.
You might think that once you have reached the B1 level, you will stop
making mistakes with things like word order or articles. But mistakes will
still happen, and that's okay. Developing your language skills is like
a stock market. It goes up and down, but the overall trend is upward hopefully,
and that's what matters. So, embrace the process, accept the messiness, and keep
going. [Music]

=== SOURCE #8 (ID: oqJwR6qOipY) ===
How can you learn German fast? As a native German speaker, I've taught a bunch of people German. And on the journey, I've seen a lot of painful mistakes and also amazing strategies that worked, and I'm going to point them out in this video to save you a lot of time and hassle. Now I want to be very honest and straightforward with you. If you're motivated to learn a language, it's going to be easier from the start. So having a goal in mind like, Oh, I want to study and work in Germany, or I want to be able to complain with Hans about the German train system. These goals are really beneficial. There are a lot of beautiful things to do with the German language. So right from the start, set yourself some kind of goal and work towards it. If you want to reach a conversational level in German quickly, it can be done in just a few months with the right methods. And since German and English are related languages, there will be a lot of aspects that you recognize right away. So the first question would be how to get started with learning. It sounds kind of lame and boring, but the CEFR language levels are actually a good orientation point because they give you a solid structure. The language exams also follow more or less this format. So you start with A1 and with time you work your way up to the higher levels. And by the way, let me know your German level in the comments. So the most important thing to keep in mind when learning German is a concept called immersion. And this means exposing yourself to the language as much as possible on a day to day basis. Trust me, it's way more enjoyable than cramming grammar tables all day. And you don't need to move to Germany to do this. It can help, but instead you can also bring Germany to you. And there's this beautiful thing called the internet that we all have access to. So there is no excuse. You can't immerse yourself in the language right where you are from home. So change your phone, laptop, or even your social media settings to German. You can go on a walk while listening to a German podcast or listen to German music while washing your dishes, for example. And this constant exposure will speed up your learning. You can't expect to get fluent just by picking up a grammar book for two hours once a week, our brain needs this constant input, this constant flow of language information. And this input can be different things. It can be an online course, a German movie, or life classes at a language institute. And the more you do this, the better your language skills are going to get. Guaranteed. So in the end, language learning is personal. So please choose what to focus on based on your interests and needs. You don't need to force yourself to learn the conjugation patterns in the beginning if you don't feel like it. Now, if you want a solid structure for learning German, you can check out my language program, SpeedyGerman in the video description. It's the most affordable program out there. And I made it specifically for students who want to study and work in Germany. So when it comes to learning German, people often ask me, should I learn vocabulary or grammar first? So my recommendation is do both, but in context. And let me explain because there's actually an amazing strategy that's going to speed up your journey to fluency. So in German, you learn 75% of the grammar in the first three levels. So A1, A2 and B1, but only about 25% of the vocabulary. And this is intentional because you only need about 1000 words to be able to speak basic German. But grammar is the foundation for constructing sentences. I know German grammar can seem intimidating at first. We've all heard of the infamous four cases and three noun genders in German. That doesn't really sound easy, right? But here's a big tip from my side. Don't get too hung up on mastering grammar right away. Instead of just memorizing grammar tables, combine your learning with real life phrases. So you need to put everything in context. For example, on the A1 level, you start with simple phrases like introducing yourself and asking for directions. And this way you're using basic grammar, but also learning vocabulary naturally at the same time. And the key concept to focus on is high yield knowledge. So in the beginning, you need to prioritize the things that will give you the most benefit. And this means don't learn all the nuances of grammar and don't learn all these exceptions. German is full of these nasty exceptions, but you can always do this later. Now, something that is really important in the beginning is sentence structure. Understanding German word order and the SVO structure will make forming sentences much easier. And the same also goes for key verb conjugations and model verb forms. Start with the present tense and then gradually transition to past tense and the future tense. Sooner or later, you will inevitably stumble upon these big conjunction and declension tables. And please avoid memorizing all of them in the beginning. Students spend too much time on this. The different forms will come naturally with practice and the immersion technique. Your primary goal should be to communicate and be understood. That's it. This is the core of every language learning process. You understand people and people understand you. And that's it. Even if you make small mistakes, people will still understand you. So in short, learning German is mostly about learning to appreciate your mistakes. You're going to make a lot of mistakes and that's absolutely okay. So here's the most effective approach to learning grammar topics. So first, start by learning a small grammar structure. For example, the sentence structure. As a second step, understand how it is formed and number three, then observe how native speakers use it. You can watch German media for that. And number four, as a next step, take an active approach to immersion. When you see a grammar structure, notice it and think, oh, that's how it is used here. And number five, practice creating sentences with that grammar structure. And this is where you need concrete focused exercises like the ones I have in SpeedyGerman. And the same goes for words. Learning individual words won't get you far if you don't know how to use them in context. So instead of memorizing random words, learn phrases and common sentence structures. For example, instead of learning the word "essen" (to eat) in isolation, learn the phrase "Ich möchte etwas essen". I would like to eat something. And you do this by prioritizing high frequency words. And this means you learn the most common one thousand words. The top one thousand most commonly used words in German cover about 80% of everyday conversations. It's that powerful. And I would say when it comes to vocabulary, try to limit your study sessions to about 20 to 25 minutes at a time. So one of the most valuable things you can do is understand your own limits. So during your studies, pay attention to when your concentration begins to drop and then push yourself a little further, but not too far. Now, a big part of learning German is pronunciation. So watching movies and videos in German is already a pretty good way to improve your pronunciation. The most important aspect is to learn directly from a native speaker who can speak flawless German. I mean, 10 out of 10 pronunciation without any accent. Even on the lower levels of German, you can seriously start looking for language buddies and online tutors you can have a proper conversation with. It's all about getting this conversation exposure as early as possible. I see it all the time. Students come to Germany and the German skills suddenly skyrocket because they're forced to interact with native speakers and also get into situations where you need German. A big mistake I see people make is waiting to speak until they feel ready. Now, here's the truth. You'll never feel 100 percent ready. The key is to start speaking as early as possible, even if your grammar isn't perfect. I know it's really uncomfortable in the beginning, but trust me, you will be surprised how fast you can become comfortable and confident. So I would say in the end, consistency and volume are the two key ingredients for success. In language learning usually, the more you do, the better. We underestimate how good our brains are at learning new things. If you're properly exposed to them over a long enough time frame, a single four hour workout once a month won't get you in shape. Just like cramming language lessons won't make you fluent. Instead, aim for 20 to 30 minutes of study each day and build a sustainable schedule. There is no magical shortcut to fluency, but it is possible for anyone who puts in the effort. In case you want to learn German directly from me, check out SpeedyGerman and also other useful resources in the video description. Subscribe and join our huge Discord community. Love you and stay focused.

=== SOURCE #9 (ID: TntALe8HpEw) ===
How can you learn each level of German from A1 to C2? From beginner to mastery. As a native speaker, I'm gonna break each level down and tell you what you need to focus on and what resources you can use. So let's start with A1, which is the foundation of your German language journey. Everybody starts here. At this level, your goal is to get comfortable with basic phrases, grammar, and vocabulary. So greetings, introducing yourself, ordering food at a cafe, and asking for directions. It's more about building a strong foundation for the higher levels. Now I understand that starting to learn a language is very overwhelming, and for A1 learners, I can recommend only focusing on one resource at the beginning. If you spread your attention on too many resources, it becomes very confusing and overwhelming. So what do you need to focus on to properly learn the A1 level? So when it comes to vocabulary, you need to know around 500 words. That's not too crazy. So you start with everyday vocabulary, like family members, numbers, days of the week, and food items. When it comes to grammar, basic sentence structure, like subject, verb, object, and you also get familiar with the articles Der, Die, Das and the present tense. Now listening is also still very simple. Here you can start with simple German podcasts like Coffee Break German, YouTube channels like EasyGerman, and Nicos Weg A1 on Deutsche Welle. Now speaking is the most challenging part for a beginner. So focus on repeating phrases out loud, even if it's just saying them to yourself. It's all about getting used to the German pronunciation. And since this is the beginner level, you don't have to get too serious and sign up for three language boot camps at a time. Nobody expects you to be fluent, so don't worry. So from what I see students do, there are three very common options to learn the A1 level. So first, learning on your own. So for the lower German levels, it's possible to learn all by yourself online by using YouTube channels and websites. But this is not beginner friendly. It's not easy. And it's more for experienced language learners who have their own systems and methods for learning other languages. In case you want to have a solid structure and proper guidance, going to a language school like Goethe is also a good option. And this one is certainly more expensive and you have to attend live classes with a fixed schedule. But if you like the learning format and you're comfortable spending some money, definitely go for language institutes. One more option that gives you a good structure, but is a little bit more affordable is an online course. This one is better if you don't have a language institute nearby, you don't want this fixed schedule, and if you don't want to spend too much money. I've seen people succeed with every approach, so there is no right or wrong way. You just have to figure out which approach fits your current situation. Now, in case you want to learn German directly from me and get the structured guidance, you can check out my program, SpeedyGerman in the video description. It is the most affordable German program out there and I made it specifically for students who want to study in Germany. So the next level is A2. By this point, you start feeling a bit more confident in daily conversations. A2 is basically an extension of the A1 level, but you go a little bit deeper here. However, there are a couple of goals you can aim for on the A2 level. So when it comes to vocabulary, around 1,500 words. When it comes to grammar, a big focus on the A2 level is the past tense, the simple past and also the perfect tense. And you also get to form more complex sentences with new conjunctions. I cover all of this in my SpeedyGerman A2 course. In the listening part, you switch to slightly more complex content like podcasts for language learners or German news with slower speech. A good example for this is Nachrichten Leicht. And when it comes to speaking on A2, grammar and vocabulary improve, so you're speaking also develops. Now it's a good time to find a speaking partner, even if it's on language exchange platforms online like Tandem or HelloTalk. You can learn A2 with online resources, language institutes and online courses as well. A2 is still not too complex, so it's possible to learn it from home. And platforms like Deutsche Welle with resources like Nicos Weg A2, are fantastic for this level. Most of the content on the A levels is related to grammar. It is said that from A1 to B1, you learn 75% of the grammar, but only about 25% of the vocabulary. So you know what your focus should be here. But it is important that you have a good A1 foundation. And the last thing you want to do is rush through courses and try to get to the next level in an unrealistic timeframe. All right, next is the B1 level. This one is a big deal. We are now on the B levels, and this is usually quite the jump from A2. Going from A1 to A2 might took you two months, but going from A2 to B1, And this is where you can comfortably handle real conversations and deal with life in Germany without too much struggle. So when it comes to the focus areas, vocabulary, we are talking about 3,000 words. You're going to need words for more specific situations like job interviews and apartment hunting. And grammar, focus on reflexive verbs, also get comfortable with the Konjunktiv II, and improve your ability to create complex sentences with even more conjunctions. And for the listening part, you can start watching German TV shows, documentaries, and podcasts, like the EasyGerman Podcast. I can really recommend them. And speaking-wise, you'll need to have conversations where you express opinions and feelings, and also discuss familiar topics like travel or work. And again, a speaking partner is your biggest help here. At this stage of German, I can really recommend you get some kind of workbook. On the B1 level, you can get "Netzwerk B1", or "Das Leben B1". And the online dictionary, Leo, is probably your best friend by now. Now, in case you struggle on the B1 level, this usually means that your foundation is weak, and chances are that you haven't paid much attention to the A1 and A2 levels. And this happens when students try to rush through the first levels, which is tempting. But it's gonna lead to problems later, so please properly study A1 and A2 before you move on to B1. Here, vocabulary and speaking get more complex, and the volume of content that you need to handle is going to be a lot more compared to the A levels. So let's talk about the next B level. B2 is where things get really serious. You can start studying or working in Germany at this level, because many universities and companies accept the B2 language certificate. But it also happens that you hit a plateau and don't make much progress here. So to break free of it, you do more volume, so more hours and exercises, and you also increase the difficulty. And by now, you should know about 6,000 words. It is time to add more formal vocabulary, especially in academic or professional settings, because, you know, with this level, you can study at a German university. On this level, there's not much new grammar introduced, but it's more about consciously consuming as much German content as possible. Here's where the concept of immersion comes in. Immersion means exposing yourself to as much German content as possible. So you change your phone settings, your environment, and also try to, you know, consume more German literature and media. You can listen to more complex content like podcasts on German culture, university lectures, or "Die Tagesschau", the official German news broadcast. And parallel to that, discussions become more and more important. So practice talking about more abstract topics, climate change, technology, and politics. You can also find good podcasts about these topics. And to study B2, a good combination of classes at a language institute, a speaking partner, and German media on the internet, so articles, news, YouTube videos, is your best bet. And the C1 level comes right after that. This one is a dream level for many students. And at this point, you can express almost anything in German, and most people would consider C1 the level on which you become fluent in German. You usually need C1 if you want to study in a German taught program in Germany. And this means you are familiar with basically all grammar topics. You should be able to follow university lectures, documentaries, and news without any difficulty. To get to the C1 level, you need to change your study approach a little bit. Learning from German lessons and online videos is not enough. You need to truly immerse yourself in a German environment Coming to Germany and going to a language school here is probably the best option. Learning C1 online entirely from home, to be honest, I haven't seen a person successfully do this. On C1, it's not about learning grammar structures anymore. It's all about developing a second brain in German so that you can speak without translating sentences in your head all the time. And last but not least, I wanna briefly touch on the C2 level. And this one is like reaching the summit of Mount Everest. If you properly go through C1 and live in a German environment, C2 is very achievable with time. If I'm not mistaken, you also get this level when you complete a German taught masters in Germany. So on this level, you can do basically anything in German. I would say A2 is necessary if you want to survive in Germany and on the B2 level, you get quite comfortable here. In case you want to learn German directly from me, check out SpeedyGerman and also other useful resources in the video description. Subscribe and join our huge Discord community. Love you and stay focused.

=== SOURCE #10 (ID: ZiLgtuYXgYo) ===
if you want to know how to FastTrack
your vocabulary learning and have the words actually stick then today's video
is for you if we haven't met yet my name is alomi I'm a German teacher and polyl
so I speak five languages myself and have learned a thing or two about
effective language learning through the course of my life so in today's video
I'm going to share some of my top tips and strategies that will help you learn
new words quickly and also retain them let's start with mind maps mind
maps are a great tool to expand your pool of words around a certain topic of
your interest and needs for example I love doing sports and naturally that's
something I'll talk about a lot so let me show you an example of how you can
incorporate my maps into your learning so first I create a list of words that I
use frequently when talking about this topic in my mother tongue or in English
for example and then I throw them into deole deole then is going going to
generate all of the words in German and for the nouns I also want to make sure
that I include the in the beginning of the noun so for example the gym or the
treadmill so that it's also going to generate the German article for it and I
have that for my mind map as well next I'm going to write down the words in my
mind map just like this [Music] so mind maps are great for language learning to help you visually organize
information associate words with related Concepts and Foster creativity I also
have this template linked below that you can download for free if you want to
make mind maps for yourself as well on the second and third page you'll also
find a template to fill in example sentences and you can duplicate that
page as many times as you want which leads me to my next point just using
mind maps is not going to help you learn and practice how to use these words in
sentences and context is what's going to help you retain the words long term so
once you have created your mind map you want to move on and put these words into
practical sentences you would likely use if you don't have any foundation in
learning German yet and you just want to have some phrases on hand for different
situations you can brainstorm these and then throw them into Depot like for
example here [Music] if you already have some Foundation of
German you can create these sentences on your own and have cat GPT corrected for
you so you simply say check and correct this German sentence for me and then you
fill in the sentence that you want to have corrected like for example here I
purposely filled in a sentence that is wrong and have chat GPT corrected for me
then you can also ask for feedback on that sentence and chat GPT is going to
generate an explanation or a feedback based on the mistakes that you've made
in that sentence I do need to mention here
though that cat GPT is not always going to give you the correct answer so if you
can also double check with a native speaker if you don't have anyone to
provide you with feedback and you want to study German with me I am taking new
beginner students for my signature program that German fluency Academy it's
designed to help experts and professionals become confident and
conversational in German in the most effective and efficient way each lesson
also comes with all of the vocabulary and digital flashcards so you don't need
to create these by yourself if that sounds like something you're interested
in the best way to get started with that is to join my 60-minute free tasa lesson
I'll link that below and I would love to see you in class another great way to
learn vocabulary fast is through the Post-it challenge for this you'll need
different colored posits ideally in three colors as there are three genders
for German nouns and then you'll write the German words on them and stick them
on the item accordingly you can not only do that with nouns but also with verbs
by writing the action you do in that room or with that item let me show you a
few examples [Music] [Music] [Music] you get the idea my students love this
message as they can easily incorporate revising vocab into their daily life
once the Post-its are done and one of my students even made it a fun mix and
match game with his three-year-old granddaughter who said learning new
vocabulary needs to be boring another thing that I use for learning new
vocabulary is this little notebook right here I always have it with me and
whenever I encounter new words whether that's something I see when I'm out and
about or a word that I need when I'm having an interaction in the target
language I'll look it up and write it in my notebook that's a really nice tactic
Because by the end of the day you'll have a list of five to 10 10 words that
are related to your daily life and that you've learned in context so it's easier
to remember you can also keep this notebook as a digital notebook on your
phone and yeah I use both for learning TI repetition is going to be your best
friend if you're learning in your language as an adult and for that I
highly recommend using the app Quizlet it's a platform on which you can create
digital flashcards it's super helpful to learn and revise new words and phrases
you can also download this app onto your phone so it's easier to squeeze in some
study sessions when you're on the bus in the doctor's waiting room or whatnot if
you know me you know I love to switch things up and make learning fun and
interesting which leads me to learning German with music this can be a super
fun way to expand your vocabulary if you have a little bit more time to invest I
actually have a whole tutorial right here on how to get the most out of this
method that you can check out next whatever method or strategy you're using
one of the most important things you want to do especially as a beginner is
to keep your vocabulary organized whether that's a physical or digital
notebook a folder or a spreadsheet that's totally up to you pick what works
best for you as long as you're keeping everything organized otherwise it can
get overwhelming and frustrating really quickly now I'm curious to know which of
these methods will you try out for yourself what has worked for you so far
or what are some of the challenges you're having with learning new
vocabulary let me know in the comments below and don't forget to check out the
free training for beginners that is linked below as well if you want to
learn more from me and I'll be back next week with another German lesson for you
guys Al next Che
[Music]

=== SOURCE #11 (ID: HFW54r_iC7o) ===
Today, we are going to learn four
possibilities for forming longer sentences in German.
Sometimes, we need to give reasons or want to explain something in more
detail. In these cases, basic sentences aren't
enough. We need to combine two or more sentences
or use subordinate clauses. So, join me. So, we have already learned how to form
a basic sentence in German. So, if you still have any questions
related to the basic sentence, please check my video. Remember, the most important rule is
always the verb has to be in the second position.
We've also already learned how to connect main clauses.
We can use und oder or aber to do so.
Today, we will learn four more of these connectors.
But this time, it's a bit more difficult because we will have to change the verb
position. We will start with wenn. Wenn es regnet,
gehen wir ins Kino. So, you see we have a subordinate
clause. This is the wenn part. Wenn es regnet,
then we have to put a comma and then gehen wir ins Kino.
You can also see the first half of the sentence, the
subordinate clause, is ending with a verb
and the main clause begins with a verb. They are only separated by a comma.
It's really important you internalize this structure
because it's a common error to say "Wenn es regnet, wir gehen ins Kino."
But that's wrong. We have to put the verb first.
For the main clause, you can add dann. Wenn es regnet, dann gehen wir ins Kino.
This doesn't affect the verb position. You can add it, you don't have to.
This we can also flip this order around and start with the main clause.
Wir gehen ins Kino, wenn es regnet. So you see here we have the main clause
as a basic sentence, wir gehen in the second position, ins Kino.
Then we have to put the comma and the subordinate clause
begins with wenn. This pattern is very important.
You need it in a lot of situations and it will help you so much to vary
your sentence structure. So it's really essential if you want to
improve your speaking, writing, or even consider to take a test in German to
know these patterns. To now give you another example, wenn
ich später nach Hause fahre, nehme ich den Zug.
Or ich nehme den Zug, wenn ich später nach Hause fahre. The meaning doesn't change. It's up to
you which order you prefer in this case. Our second connector is dass.
You see we have to write two s and that really matters.
If it's only one s, it will be a relative clause
which we do later. So please don't mix those two up. So, you can see we have this short
introduction, which is typical for this das sentence. All of these expressions
then we have the comma and then das with double s.
And you see the verb goes to the very end of the sentence.
In our case, it's even two of them because we use the future tense.
And you see both verbs go to the end. Or we can use an additional modal verb. So, for this pattern, it's really
important you memorize the verb goes to the end of the sentence. Our third connector is obwohl, which
means even though. So, we have two sentences with kind of
opposite meaning. On the one hand, I like the summer. On
the other hand, I don't like high temperatures.
And we can perfectly connect such a sentence with obwohl.
You can see also in the case of obwohl, the verb goes to the end of the
sentence. And if we have two verbs,
both go to the end. >> So once again, both verbs go to the end.
The modal verb is in the last position. Our last connector is deshalb, which
means that's why. So we want to explain why we do
something. And we can combine those two sentences
with deshalb. You can see in this sentence
the verb doesn't go to the last position, but it follows deshalb
directly. So you can see here we have the verb
bracket. Only one verb goes to the end. The modal
verb is in the beginning. Or we can have a separable verb. Once again, this is the word order you
know from the basic sentence. The verb follows deshalb and the prefix
goes to the end of the sentence. I'll show you now a table with all the
four different connectors and how the verb position changes. It's really important to memorize these
rules and the one thing that will help you
to do so is practice. So we do a little exercise together. I hope this video has helped you. Thank
you so much for watching, and see you in the next one.

=== SOURCE #16 (ID: SEvvJEHXnkU) ===
Hello everyone. In today's episode of "I'm Learning German," we'll be looking at 100 basic German sentence structures. I have carefully selected everyday phrases and sentence structures that are frequently used in conversation and will help us express ourselves, drawing inspiration from real-life situations . I'll start with the first sentence we see on the screen . We will learn 100 sentences. Globe undiscepted. Globe means "into yourself". The verb "glob" means to believe. The word Zeps also means "self". Morgan, I'll arrive at this time tomorrow, or at this time tomorrow. Let's learn the idiom "side," which means "at this time" or "at this hour," as a fixed phrase or expression. This means they either didn't tell us the truth or they hid the truth from us. Our verb here is fesvigen. Its past form is fesivin. To conceal something means not to say something, but to conceal something knowingly means to deliberately not say it . I'm going to eat out today, or I am eating out today. The word "Aa" means outside. This is good news for me. It means news. I am preparing for the A2 exam. The verb "forite" is a separable verb. It means preparing for something in advance . Perfunkta means exam. A is gerade by isyor. It means "at a meal". The word Gerade means right now, at this moment. Can you help me with my career choice? The term "berus" means career choice . It has been changed to "thea" because it is in the dative case in the sentence . The doctor advised me to rest. The verb "forlag" means to suggest or recommend . Here, the participle suffix, G, appears because it is a participle. Resting on the road . You can trust me. Here, "zihfasın auf" means to trust someone . The mind is reflexive. It also takes the preposition "auf" with it. It means "can I bear the damage" or "can I take responsibility for the loss?" The shad means damage or harm. Here, since it is in the accusative case, "din" has become "şaden". Zihogen zihogen, you do n't need to worry. The mind reacts instinctively, that is, reflexively. The verb "zorgun" means to worry. Here, "zi" is in the third person singular, so it has become "reflexive mind." Do abent is febrant. Apentin is febrant. Dinner burned. Our verb is Febrene's verb. It means to burn. Here, it is written as Febrant because it is perfect. Können dasal sürükşin. Can we postpone this for now ? "Sürşirtelin" means to postpone or put off. Do you have time today? I share Anzi's view. Amzicht means view or opinion. Defuk anginim. Defuk anginim. The flight was very enjoyable or comfortable. My mother's verb means pleasant, relaxed . Link is apoteke. Linkin is apoteke. There is, or is, a pharmacy on the left side. Linkin is a template on the left. So link means right-hand link. If we say that, it means on the right side. I'm not only tired, I also have a fever. " Zonden" is a dual conjunction meaning "not only" but also "also". This is a B1/B2 topic. Can you solve the problem? It means resolving the issue here. The verb "auflöz" is also used, for example, when describing the dissolution of a medicine in water and explaining that it has dissolved. Deab is angekon is angon, the bus arrived at 8:00. It's 8 o'clock . The verb "uncomun" means to reach or arrive . Excuse me, could you please help me ? From where? Because we used the word "könen". Let's be careful. Not Könen. Könen bir model fiilken könen konyusu var. It is used to mean asking for something very politely, to request it . Win fragu, win frs to. Who are you asking? Who does Win mean? The verb "frag" means to ask. Since Win takes the accusative case, we translate it as "Who are you asking here?" But actually, if we translate it into Turkish, " win" means "who are you asking about?" But as I mentioned, due to the grammatical structure, we translate it as "Who are you asking?".   He doesn't get along with his neighbors. The third-person singular is a woman. When we say "here," it means "his neighbors," because that's the case here. I'll call you at lunchtime. Our verb, Anruf, can be separated from calling by phone. We didn't believe him. Believing in the globe. Geglobed. Perfect tense is past tense. Whom did we not believe? Wim. I mean, to him. Because IM is a man. We Morgan in Morgan in. We're not going to the cinema tomorrow. Can hein. Can you please help me ?   That's a nice, helpful sentence. Naz, I do n't have time, so I can't come. Daheya means "therefore" or "for this reason". We getin elten weinin elten How are your parents? The word "elten" means parent. When we look at the word itself, it is a plural word. It has no singular form.   We have a lot of work to do. That's why we work longer hours. The actual column hub is a pattern. Having so much work means working a lot. For example, when I say "ihabi" (a type of verb) and "column," it means I have a lot of work to do . I forgot the rent. kirain forget, my head hurts, I have a headache, therefore, for this reason, I am resting my soul, aus the verb of the soul means to rest, a separable verb, mtefas yulesin Yul wants to get everything done before the weekend starts, which most of us do, right? Let's look at the conjunction "befo" here. One of the subordinate clause conjunctions means "before madam meden". He also puts the verb at the end of the sentence. The verb "begin" also means to begin. Tim is crank hoz. Tim is cranked house. Tim is sick and staying at home. Inkinino opoldist. Gino Apoldist. Even though you're tired, are you going to the cinema ?   " Opf" is a subordinate clause conjunction, used before "meden" or "madan" . [ __ ] a helping the ticket sufen. Custom helping the ticket suffen. Can you help me get the tickets? Ticket. Ticket. When we say "tickets," it's the plural form. Zifarın sumukarın sunumik. They are going to the airport by train. Fluk Half Airport Cold Train. It means "with the preposition 'mit'". It means tulip. What is its feature? It always makes the word that follows it the dative case. Deim suk oldu. So what can I say? It means, "What can I say?" Thomas, Thomas, Thomas is coming later because he's stuck in traffic. That's what traffic means. Tom lent yeintang deutch. Tom lent yedintank deutch. This means Tom learns German every day . Wasmastendi wasmendi. What are you doing this weekend? Does wohen means weekend. What is the money? Das means money. Where is W? Alkla. Alesla. Ok. Everything is fine. Ar fertig gemacht. It means I finished my work yesterday . That means Fatih is finished too. To end. Luxury stand. Luxury stand. Do you lie all the time ? The verb "len" means to lie . The word "stendih" also means "continuous". Let's pay attention here . The two dots above A are called A-shaped loops. The letter A is pronounced like the letter E. Shtendih. And please pay attention. We pronounce the final G like a "he". Not a stendih. It gives the letter Shtendih. Vomit farenzi. Vomit farenzi. How are you traveling? What does Vomit use? Anwkin. Anwkinzi.   Who are they thinking of? Whom does that mean? You did a good job. That's a great motivational quote. I wash my hands before eating. Can you give me directions? (The verb "vesbin" means to give directions.) Our other sentence is "voran den toks to" (what are you thinking of?) " zond zent" (he is not drinking coffee, on the contrary, he is drinking tea.) Zondan means, on the contrary, the opposite. This isti ne bu salteştelle di nesse bu salteştelle means the nearest bus stop. We can learn this as a pattern. D. Nesse ice barbell. Halteştelle means stop, so ice halteştelle is a bus stop. Prohibition, prohibition, not now. Please go to the park. Please go to the park. Is there parking in this city? It means "Is there parking available?" The Stat, while being a city, where is the stadium located, given that its location is in the dative case ? Wo wo always gives us the dative case . This is a stat, therefore, a sen auto repairing, let sen auto repairer get his car repaired . The verb "lon" is used here to mean causing someone to do something . It is a verb that is used in many different ways . And I'll leave it somewhere in the middle of this video . I previously shared the link with you . Anyone interested can watch the video. It was filmed as E less. 3rd person on the phone on the phone . It means I want to call you later. Or we can translate it later. Making a phone call on the phone. He reads a book every evening. It means everything about a brave man . It means, "Have you already seen this?" Seeing Zin means seeing gezein too. Because the perfect tense already adds meaning to the sentence. It means "Did no one come?" Nobody can go on vacation this year, it's slower now. That vacation has become religion here because it's used in the accusative case . Unzut. Unzut is kaput. Our car has broken down again. It's broken again. It means it's broken again . The screw is broken again, the hood is faulty. Shaumal, look here. Wimt cafe wert kafe. Who owns the coffee? The verb "gehören" means to belong. When talking about a single thing, it becomes gehört. When we are referring to more than one thing, it is written as "geheren". Farat, can you lend me your bicycle? The verb "lion" means to borrow or lend . Lion means to lend. D farat also means your bicycle. The article Farat does. Mellfina Dinaze means my nose is running. This is a cliché. Berlin islyat. Berlin is Weekly, which means Berlin is a truly wonderful, amazing city, and the TV tower is also in the photo . It's a place I love very much .   Let's continue . Dickinde mid in park. Dickinding in the park. Children are playing with their friends in the park . What did we say? Mit draws Daif next to it . Here, since "finden" is plural, the article "d" becomes "daifte din" and the word also takes the letter "n" at the end. F is what I mean by F. What is eating? What is eating? What are you eating? Kanman hia parkın. Kanman hia parkın. Can I park here ? Can I park here ? It means something like that. Das babyle imonsima. Das babyle imonsima. The baby doesn't sleep in the living room. Our verb is conjugated in the third person singular. " Left" was used because it's an irregular verb. In our other sentence, weh isped is, what time is it now? Yes. It means "now, at this moment." It means my daughter is a very good swimmer. Vacs. Vacs. Wait a minute. Wait a moment . Film station. Was film. What kind of movie is this? Wasfya mold. What kind is this? It means something like, "What kind of thing is this? How is this possible?" Komshpeta. Komshpeta. Come later. Ihmuskin. Ihmuskin. It means I need to go, I have to go . Hudin no film shon gezin no film gezin filmi yeni filmi Zaten izlen mi or yeni film ağır izlen mi? It already makes sense. Geno geneo, exactly. I think it's going to rain today, or we can translate it as "I expect it's going to rain today." We used the conjunction "Dasan". The verb goes to the end, but let's pay attention: our verb is "regn" meaning "to rain," but here we see "we," meaning "furns," therefore our main verb is in its root form. The verb "we" is also conjugated in the third person singular, or more precisely, the verb "ween," so it is written as "we," and therefore its conjugated form is used .   It's in our other sentence. Varbus is now a commune. The preposition "su" (water) was also drawn next to it, writing it as "suar". What is the reason for Varum? May I ask you a question? It is a pattern. It means asking a question . Ales fatih. Ales Fatih means everything is ready, everything is finished. Ehlizegen romane. Ehlizegen romane. I enjoy reading novels, I love them. A novel is a novel if it exists as a single word. But when we say "romance," we mean novels. Plural form. Formula Formula.   Can you show me how to fill out the form? Can you show me your respect? How? We continued . The verb 'sen' means to show, while the verb 'does' (form) means to fill. Maria gitin marin. Maria isn't going for a walk because of the bad weather . Veta means air. Des shlechtin vetas due to bad weather, in bad weather conditions. Because the sentence is in the genitive case, meaning it's a noun phrase or the genitive case of a noun. "Do" transforms into "dese," and the letter "s" is added to the end of the word. It's a genetic rule. Damit Maxbits read slowly so that Max can understand the book. There is a purpose in distilled sentences. Why does he read so slowly? What is its purpose? So that Dasbit can understand the book. We need to tidy up the room. It means we need to tidy up the room. Anna gipin brudasb. Anna bruda dasbuh. Anna to her brother, let's say her brother. Because Bur is also a brother, he's giving away the book. This sentence contains both the dative and the accusative cases. To whom is he giving it? Wim irem bruda. Therefore, she became Irem. Because it's native, what does it offer? Was it, or what is it giving? Dasbuh. Dasbuh also becomes the accusative form of the book. Wein inkino regnet. Our sentence means "We are going to the cinema because it is raining." The phrase "it exists here" indicates a reason. Why do we go to the cinema? What is the reason/cause? While es regnet. Because it's raining. Peterbit Peter worked all day yesterday, or rather, all day long . Gansın means all day, tümün means all day . So, we see religion here. Why religion? Please write your comments. Morgan and IHM in caffeine. Morgan and IHM in caffeine. I'm going to the cafe with Lisa tomorrow. We used it. But where do we use it? When we look at it, we are using it in the future tense. Our sentence, "de kafeye defauta defauta annemin çanta çok ağır demektir" (meaning "my mother's bag is very heavy"), refers to a specific type of Turkish phrase. Shvea heavy zeshvea very heavy suffixes suffixes Can you explain to me how to play the game? To explain, to clarify . Do spil game. The conjugated form of the verb "debilin" means to play. Yuliazon nopilon Julia is buying a new toy for her son. Soyk means toy. What did we say? The verb means to play. The game will be played on the platform. Kenessen er noch warm. We ate the cake. Even though it's still hot. That's exactly what it means. But when we translated it into more meaningful Turkish, we ate the cake even though it was hot. Here, after Oxford comes eee. From where? Because the word "cake" has the article "deli" in the word "ea kuhen" instead of rewriting "kuhen". Bite zag bite no zagen zupom. Can you tell me where the supermarket is ? Zupom means supermarket or grocery store . Where? Letah Berlin We went to Berlin last week. Let the Whe means last week. Nah, it means Berlin. Here we are indicating direction using the particle "nah". And our final sentence. We completed 100 sentences together, guys. Laura, phone Laura. It means, "Did you talk to Laura yesterday?" Telefonirin is the verb to speak on the phone . It means... Gestan yesterday. Yes, today we used 100 basic German sentence structures together. There are so many sentences I could write. There are thousands of sentences, but I always specifically choose those that are relevant, those that you might frequently use or hear in everyday life . That's why, to be honest, it took me a lot of time to adjust the images, especially for the words I chose . I should also mention this. Which picture goes with which sentence? Taking photos took up more of my time than making the video. Because I specifically added photos. Well, many of my friends had written to me before. We remember sentences better when there are visuals. And scientific studies also say this. Because visuals always help to remember things better. I hope this has been helpful. If you enjoyed this video, please like it and leave a comment, your thoughts, or a heart emoji . I would be very happy. Thank you so much for listening and for your time. See you again in a new video, on a new topic. Take care of yourselves . Goodbye. Chez. Yeah.

=== SOURCE #17 (ID: vaHJrXZA8uk) ===
Preposition with dative out with from since at after to from out at after with since from and to always stand with [Music] Dative definite article the the the the the Plural in the dative the is the the the the is the and the plural is the AB is equal to von from is equal to von the train departs from main station the train departs from the main station the month from next month from next month from next month I earn more from next month I earn more the year from next year from next year from next year I take part in a yoga course from next year I take part in a yoga course the week from next week from next week from next week I have to work again from next week I have to work again the summer holidays from the summer holidays from the summer holidays I start with a new hobby from the summer holidays I start with a new hobby the football from the football from the football I am just coming home from football I am just coming home from football the track from the track from the track the train departs from track 1 the train departs from track 1 the mother from the mother from the mother the gift is from the mother the gift is from the mother the classmates of the classmates of the classmates I got the information from the classmates I got the information from the classmates the key after the bowl after the bowl I am looking for the bowl I am looking for the key the food after the food after the food after the food I like to drink a cup of coffee after the food I like to drink a cup of coffee the school after the school after the school what do you do after school what do you do after school the summer holidays after the summer holidays after the summer holidays the regular class starts after the summer holidays the regular class starts after the summer holidays the cough with the cough with a severe cough you have to take drops with a severe cough you have to take drops the weather with the weather in bad weather I stay home in bad weather I stay home the exam at the exam at the exam she supported me in the exam she supported me in the exam the houses at the houses at the houses the cats hide at the houses in the garden the cats hide at the houses in the garden the dog with the dog with the dog the children play with the dog in the garden the children play with the dog in the garden the car with the car with the car I drive to [music] work by car I drive to work by car the teacher with the teacher with the teacher she talks to the teacher about the project she talks to the teacher about the project the houses with the homework with the homework can you help me with the homework can you help me with the homework the accident since the accident since the accident since the accident he can't walk well anymore since the accident he can't walk well anymore the weekend since the weekend since the weekend she has been sick since last weekend she has been sick since last weekend the company since the company since the company she has been working in the new company since March she has been working in the new company since March the years for two years for two years I have been learning German for two years I have been learning German for two years the beat to the beat out of the beat the guitarist has lost the beat the guitarist has lost the beat the window to the window out of the window I look out of the window I look out of the window the row of the row out of the row you always have to dance out of the row you always have to dance out of the row the mountains to the mountains from the mountains we come from the mountains we from the [music] mountains go drive come fly the doctor to the doctor to the doctor he goes to the doctor when he is sick he goes to the doctor when he is sick the shopping mall to the shopping mall to the shopping mall we go to the shopping mall to buy new clothes we go to the shopping mall to buy new clothes the meeting to the meeting to the meeting he doesn't come to the meeting on time he doesn't come to the meeting on time the Maldives to the Maldives to the Maldives she flies to the Maldives because she loves the sea she flies to the Maldives because she loves the sea

=== SOURCE #18 (ID: Px9PSOhv1pY) ===
[Music] Preposition with accusative Preposition with accusative bis durch entlang for gegen ohne bum bis durch entlang for gegen ohne und umstehen immer mit Accusative bis durch entlang for gegen ohne und umstehen immer mit Accusative definite article der die das die Plural when change definite article in accusative der is d die change in D das change in das die Plural change in the plural durch durch der Feuerring den Feuerring der Drache fliegen durch den Feuerring der Drachen fliegt durch den Feuerring der Garten den Garten das Kind rennt durch den Garten das Kind rennt durchs Garten die Stadt die Stadt wir Kinderwagen durchs Stadt wir penzeren durchs Stadt das Fenster das Fenster er schaut durch das Fenster er schaut durch das Fenster die Berge Plural die Berge Plural wir fahren durch die Berge wir fahren durch die Berge [Music] entlang entlang der Fluss den Fluss wir fahren den Fluss entlang wir fahren den Fluss entlang die Autobahn die Autobahn wir fahren die Autobahn entlang wir fahren die Autobahn entlang das Wasser das Wasser die Vögel sweepgt das Wasser entlang die Vögel sweepgt das Wasser entlang die Hügel Plural die Hügel Plural ich gehe die Hügel entlang ich gehe die Hügel along the hill for for the father the father the gift is for the father the gift is for the father the mother the mother I have a surprise for the mother I have a surprise for the mother the dog the dog I buy a watermelon for the dog I buy a watermelon for the dog the children plural the children plural I buy a gift for the children I buy a gift for the children against against the teacher the teacher I am not against the teacher I am not against the teacher the wall the wall the ball broad against the wall the ball bounced against the wall the house the house the car drove into the house the car drove into the house the team plural the team plural we play against the team playing against the team BNE without the key the key I cannot go without the key I cannot go without the key the glasses the glasses Emma cannot see without the glasses Emma cannot see without the glasses the ticket the ticket she does not travel without the ticket she does not travel without the ticket the tickets plural the tickets plural we do not travel without the tickets we do not travel without the tickets boom boom the table the table we sit around the table we sit around the table lunchtime lunchtime the train comes around lunchtime the train comes around lunchtime the house the house we play around the house we play around the house the children plural the children plural I will take care of the children I will take care of the children until until B US ofal prosition plus the morning the morning the meeting goes until the early morning the meeting goes until the early morning the hour the hour the lesson lasts until the last lesson the year the year the trip lasts until the next year the trip lasts until the next [Music] year the mountains plural the mountains plural we drive until the mountains we drive until the mountains thank you for watching [Music]

=== SOURCE #21 (ID: _bRYz02NNTU) ===
yeah so useful tools I said there is a
couple of beautiful tools out there one is memorize and SRS stands for space
repetition system so whether you like memorize and use it or not I don't care
it whatever you use needs to use a spaced repetition system which is a very
simple idea it's a box of with five or six compartments and the first
compartment is where you put all the new words you look at today and and once you
look at them and you guess them right then they come into the second one the
second one you check every other day yeah so the second one gets Fuller and
Fuller and once you check the second one and you get it right it goes into the
next compartment where uh you put the words that you will repeat review in
seven days and so on and so on a month three months six months a year from now
so memorize does this excellently and you can also on
memorize sort out the words that are so easy for you that you don't really want
to bother having them in that little box and it's a virtual box so it doesn't
take any space it's the so-called lightener principle you can look that up
lightener like l e i t n e but you will find that if you look up
S RS vocabulary and I love memorize I show
you in a minute U for its Simplicity readling is a wonderful software made by
a very engaged young men who I'm not sure who
he works for either do lingo or memorize unfortunately he doesn't seem
to further work on readling so I decided to create my own version of readling um
where I eliminate all the unnecessary stuff
and also tailor it to smarter Germans needs yeah reading allows you to work
with any text on the internet and um also many many other languages I'm not
interested in other languages I'm interested in German uh I can't show you
anything yet we are not there yet it's halfway ready um but we are getting
there but until then you can use readling it's very affordable five bucks
a month but you can also try it for free for a while but it's really totally
worth the money if you work with my course you do not necessarily need it
but maybe it appeals to you and you want to try
it smarter German is of course a very useful tool so my courses make use of
memorize we use that still but um readling we don't make use of but I will
soon have a tool that makes them both redundant and is fully integrated into
all of my courses but give us another three
months now let's take a look at memorize quickly memorize is a oneclick solution
there's many things to click on but actually the only button you need to
click on on a desktop but also on a mobile there's one button that says
review or learn or speed review you just click on that and then it shows you
the right thing either you learn a word and here I gave you an example of a
multiple choice task and it just looks beautiful on a computer you just click a
couple of buttons it's very fast very intuitive beautifully designed and it
comes with audio of course which here I have recorded yeah and you see here
that's an exercise where you hear the audio and you have to decide what you
have heard also very lovely
um another exercise there is a little transcription exercise you hear
something you type it there's many many different variants of these two exercise
but it's mainly multiple choice and of course transcription or
writing and it's a beautiful software and you see it's a better version so um
it looks much smoother than normally but basically that covers it read length
though looks like this so so I uploaded the text we just talked about uh
readlink allows you to upload any text uh privately there if you upload my text
there publicly you get into trouble because the texts are all copyrighted
and you cannot it's not only with my text with any text there so if you
upload any text there be careful that you honor the copyright of anything that
you upload there because they also allow you to share but if you do it privately
like in this window uh you can work through the text and you can
highlight um individual parts or full sentences I always took full
sentences um and it will give you a proper translation very likely connected
to Google Translate you can also connect it to other dictionaries if you just
look up one word a single word you might get a different meaning yeah let's say
shinen means it seems the first translation would always
be to shine but let's say it also means to seem so you wouldn't say the sun
seems it's very unlikely that that makes sense but the moment you highlight the z
a shine as a um
combination yeah it's something that belongs
together and this software will give you the proper translation which is a gift
it's beautiful but it doesn't only do that any word you highlight here or any
sentence you highlight here it will copy automatically into your word list and you can practice
these words in your word list uh with this little vocabulary trainer
unfortunately it's it's rather basic and um yeah we will do this a little bit
more appealing to the eye and the soul but it does the job and you see also
they give you an example here on top it says Simona they give you the sentence
in which you have highlighted it and that's perfect
the only only thing that's missing well there is an audio button here it
wouldn't read the whole sentence but you can't have it all but as you took it
from my course in my course you will always get the full audio of course yeah
but and for vocabulary training you don't need more than this it's beautiful
so readling is a very smooth tool don't get lost in all
this stuff here but you can also use it as an extension of your browser and it
is a wonderful tool to really personalize your learning which is why I
took the idea and adapted it to our needs as it takes time for you to get
from zero to 95 to 100% understanding it's important that you stay
motivated and that means you need to work with interesting texts if you read
text made for twoy olds yeah do daada then very likely your intellect might
get bored you might still get a little thrill out of it if you understand a
single word like shly P pacifier but it's too little
outcome for too much input so see that you work with stuff that you are
actually interested in and keep it real bitter yeah because there's stuff that
you are not ready for yet but I think you learned it fast it needs to be
comprehensible over time so there needs to be at least a certain amount of
information in that text that you get if you read a text that you completely
don't get and have to look up every word to make sense this is not a text to
start with very simple you need to experience progress
as I said every time you come back to the text or you re keep reading let's
say a story and you see oh gradually I'm getting more and more of the story
because of course you also know more of the story and the characters that also
helps you have more context um that's very important if you feel you read
every page like it's the first one it's the wrong text and you need intelligent
exercises the words you learn you need to remember so memorize takes care of
that to an extent it can get boring after a while because it's basically
walkup training it's very monotonous you really have to distribute it all over
the day at least I have to do that and I recommend you do the same out of
didactical reasons but um ideally you work with a text on on many many levels
yeah because that way you have access to the words from from every angle possible
and of course that's what we do at smart on German the most important thing in
language learning is mindset people might say
motivation but motivation strongly depends on mindset and what that means
let me explain to you or let me talk a little bit about
mindset what that means I think is pretty clear we have recently published a
course on smarter German that a friend of mine has created Stevie wonderful
young man I'm not sure how young he is just younger than me and he's he's a
life coach and he's working with techniques that help you to look at
obstacles and obstacles is what you will all experience when you pursue the goal
of becoming fluent in German because it's a long process it takes half a year
to get to a certain level another half a year to get even higher and maybe two
years to feel finally at ease with everything if you continuously work with
it yeah other people need five years it's fine it depends on how much time
you have every day so the first thing to make these let's say two years on
average on average and how would say bearable and
enjoyable even is that you are clear about the goals if you are not clear
about your goals you are driving on unknown goals yeah you always have a
goal you just don't know it so it's actually very helpful to get them out
into the open and to look at what am I actually doing here some of you might
not want to do that it's a conscious decision not to set goals totally accept
that and my respect you don't have to but it doesn't mean that clarifying your
goals will harm your process yeah so maybe consider that I also of course do
that encourage you to do so in the course so the course I'm talking about
will help you clarify your goals and um while you do so you will figure out
okay what could get in my way yeah you you kind of make a little analysis to to
see to look at your life okay what what is problematic or what could become
problematic at one point and this is not about scare mongering it's really about
being realistic and say okay I have two kids busy job Co is Raging in my
country let's expect there is something I'm worried that I will be able to put
in the amount of work that I think I should invest and this is an is a mental
blockage yeah worry is a very strong blockage that you know has its reasons
but maybe you can overcome that or work with
it so what you do then is you dissolve these blockages you don't solve Co by
doing the course but you will dissolve the worry or you will actually learn to
handle worry so that it is not an obstacle
anymore and once you've done that you're ready to actually look at your mindset
and the mindset is basically a strong belief that you cannot fail I actually
want to say you cannot feel but I hope you feel a lot uh you cannot fail it
sounds unrealistic right who cannot fail but but this is not about being Superman
yeah or Superwoman this is really about my mindset is no I if I do this and that
I cannot fail and that's of course not done once and then you're off for
Success otherwise I think there would be way more successful people in the world
and I don't think that everybody who successful necessarily does that but um
once you are in that mindset you you execute your plan yeah your goals you
you go towards them and you adjust it whenever it's needed because you will
always have to adapt your plans to reality reality wouldn't budge or
bulge um to your plans you need to adopt to that and it is constant work and it
requires a strategy and techniques that support you on that path and that's why
it's so important to pay attention to your mindset and maintain it and this
course is a gift um I I'm so happy I met Stevie and he created this for us that I
offer it to you for half the price if you are a smarter German learner because
I wave my share I don't care I don't want to make money with it I want you to
finish my course and this uh training will
make sure that this happens so with anything you do with smart or German
whether it's my language courses or that course you get a 30-day satisfaction
guarantee that means if within the first 30 days you feel this is not for me I
made a mistake reach out to me ask for your money back ideally if you struggle
with something just reach out to me I can help you with anything learning
related course related anything if you have to get your money
back because your life goes in a completely different direction than
there's nothing I can do other than giving you money back yeah and I do so
instantly unless I'm I'm knocked out yeah so with anything you do in smarter
German there is absolutely no risk you can try everything and I'm always here
to help you get on board that's my promise to you because that's what I
would like to see so if you take a picture of this you get to the first
lesson of my everyday German course which covers three levels A1 A2 B1 and
uh there you can just experience how smarter German works and I'm constantly
optimizing that course making it more comprehensible and digestible while even
increasing the quality of the outcome yeah because I just just my hobby is uh
what I do with passion so I'm through the presentation
uh thank you for staying hopefully I'll check in a second if you have any
questions let me know and we can
take it from here

=== SOURCE #22 (ID: 5KxYzGPedRc) ===
[Music] hey [Music] here is your send okay okay [Music] and [Music] and [Music] the voice [Music] I am and [Music] y [Music] no no is [Music] the weather in [Music] and these are and [Music] knew I knew this [Music] broth [Music] how you stick but the voice [Music] and every now and then with [Music] no [Music] here idea and fax the with [Music] people and [Music] checking the cross family day forecast

=== SOURCE #23 (ID: uhmFHWSs8B0) ===
So I have a German learner Michael here
from Smarter German and today I will walk you through one of my courses just
to show you how simple and beautiful it is to work with Smarter
German. First step, get enrolled. Good for you. My A1 to B2 courses are
available for free as you can see already in the menu here. I also have
paid courses. Hopefully they will serve you well. They will support the free
courses. To enroll you choose your level. I will go through A1, but the
principles that I will show you here, they apply to all my courses, but you
will never have to enter your payment details for a free course. I click on
the course and there you see is the start
screen. All you have to do is click on the big red button that says start next
lesson. I already am some lessons ahead so I will not click that button but you
will just click this button here and then you will get to the first lesson
which is welcome to this course and all you have to do is read the information
on this page don't panic most important advice
and when you're done you click on complete and
continue it goes automatically to the next lesson so you will realize on the
left there is a progress bar and there is the lectures, you might be tempted to
scroll up and down and jump and skip. Please never use the bar on the left to
navigate. Always use this big button. Yeah, there's very few excuses to use
this sidebar. So, ideally, do not touch. Yeah. So, initially I also show you a
couple of things that will help you in case you encounter technical issues.
Technical issues are rather rare with my courses. Really, really rare. And most
technical issues are solved by turning it off and on again or by using Chrome,
which by the way you will be prompted to do very clearly, very in a way that you
cannot miss. Some tools only work on Chrome. Please use Chrome. Yeah, 99.99% of all issues are
solved by these two measures. And if you are a bit of a special case, you go
through the other measures, maybe copy them somewhere. So you uh have access to
them even if you don't have access to the course which is such a rare
occurrence. Yeah. Now I will introduce you to my tools the techniques to the
philosophy by video and also of course by
text and so let yeah most some videos are like this like the one you just
watched and complete and continue as simple as that. So, new technique,
reading warm-up. I will actually talk about this just a little bit. So,
reading warm-up is what it says. It's a warm-up. It doesn't mean you need to
understand a single word. You don't need to look up anything. You don't need to
remember anything. All I want you to realize in this lecture is how much you
actually already understand. So, you look through this and you just see, oh,
Berlin. Yeah, I know Berlin. Huh? And then maybe you know Bau. Oh, yeah. Bau.
Okay. Then you know deduct a yeah okay understand okay so you go through and
just the words you see if you're lucky you understand more if not it's just
random words and it's difficult to make sense of them that's fine that's the
warm is for you to really have a starting point said damn I understand
nothing next step is about comprehension and therefore now you are allowed to
look words up and that's very easy with smarter German currently I'm using my
own tool that allows you to click on a word. Let's say this one shant and it
shows a translation and also speaks the word but you see appears. Uhhuh. So
d z. Yeah. So z shine the sun appears. Well,
makes kind of sense, right? Maybe the sun rises. But this is not what it
means. Maybe you are skeptical and you want to actually understand whether
that's really what it means. Dishonored. So you saw what I did. I direct the
cursor over the three words so that they are
translated together because words change meaning in a given context and together
this makes a lot more sense. Shining and shined. You can hear the similarity
already. This is the proper translation. So please do not just
highlight the whole thing. I think there's a limit as well. You see here
you cannot select more than 12 words in one go. Yeah. If you really
don't understand anything then yeah sure then highlight everything but ideally
you just highlight the words you do not know. Yeah.
And this is how you will get full comprehension of the text. And this is
the goal that after this lesson you know the story. You know what's going on in
English. You do not have to remember the German words yet. Now, currently we are
working with our own tool, but soon I will recommend another tool that does
something pretty much similar. Uh, so you have this
little monster in the corner. You go here and you have three little buttons
here. I go through them in a bit maybe at the end. The V for vocabulary is the
one that will show you the words that you highlighted. Now, unfortunately,
this is not tuned with my presentation here, but it will ask you then, okay, do
what was do in German? And you have a sample sentence here which you can even
translate. This is B2. So don't expect this to be clear. You can even have it
read to you if you want. So if after reading the example, you know what is
here. You test yourself and click. Yeah. Yeah. Of course I knew. And if you're
clear, you say, yeah, I got it. So it will be repeated a bit later. If you say
not yet, it will be repeated sooner. It's a standard spaced repetition system
like all the apps use nowadays. Yeah, I think Anki
and Memorize definitely use that. Quizlet doesn't do that, which is why I
do not recommend that. So, you can work a little bit here and play around. Um,
if you have any issues with this tool, let me know. But it's very basic and it
does the job. This is the job of reading
comprehension. Next. See, always one button and then we
test you. Yeah. Just a couple of things. I translate always the words that are a
little bit outlandish for a beginner. I just want to see whether you really
looked up the story. You remember what was the weather like and what's going
on. And as Mak Morgan in Berlin, I know that sentence by heart. So, let me click
this one and see. Yeah, correct. And you go through five questions. Just a little
reminder of what the story was about. Then let me go a bit further.
Reading analysis. There's three videos per lesson later
fewer because they get shorter. These are quite long videos. Yeah, this one is
10 minutes. In this or in these videos, I go through the full text of that
lesson and explain every single word in it. Yeah. For some time I will repeat
certain explanations but over time I will repeat less and less because you
know more and more. So no more need to explain everything from scratch again.
And this will not only help you remember the story and the words but it will also
teach you patterns. It teach you a little bit of grammar. No need to
remember much. Whatever sticks automatically this is what you take with
you. You can take notes if you want but you never have to revise the news. Yeah,
the taking notes focuses your mind and therefore it helps
you learning things but reviewing notes is a waste of time in this case. You're
not learning for a test. So don't review your notes. It's a beautiful exercise.
It's quite unique and I just love the way German and English are intertwined.
And this will teach you in the end to read German texts and understand quite a
bit of it without having learned the vocabulary
yet. And what else do you want? Yeah, basically a kind of master key to the
German language. Of course, not after the first lesson. It will take a bit,
but I have 150 videos of these divided into two to three parts.
My favorite of it all, the dictation tool, the dictation. You
simply write down what you hear. And that's killing many people in the
beginning because they challenge themselves too much. But
I already here say this in the tutorial.
It's enough if you start with three sentences. And if it's really really
hard, even one sentence makes all the difference. So there is never the need
to write the full text. Sure, if you're ambitious and it's fun, go for it. But
it needs to be fun and it needs to be within your time frame. Yeah, you might
have a little time
budget. But this is a beautiful exercise. So all you have to do is play
the audio and you see their shortcuts. I click here. I click
um what is it? control controll enter I don't have to click
with the mouse don't use the mouse use shortcuts yeah
soak as is montorggan if you want to write the
umlouds there's a little trick which is also given of course so
you do the o and the slash and then it turns into an uml more again let's make
this wrong so you write three sentences and when you're done you click
compare. Although actually you write them. You follow the instructions here
because you can listen to it a few more times before you click compare just to
fill the gaps and correct things. But we don't have much time here. And
then you see it is being compared. Yeah. So you can see your
mistakes and maybe you want to listen to it again just to see where where you
misheard. Ah okay. Yeah. Maybe now you can hear
the T. And this is all you need to do. Yeah, you do this four times in total
per lesson. So, no worries. You will get there. The exercise just allows you to
write the right words. If you want, you can later then listen to it again. And
you see now it's correct. Yeah. Good dictation. Beautiful exercise. So
directly after the first dictation, you write a second one because you want to
get things into your working memory. Yeah. You want to establish the
knowledge. So after you've corrected your text and listened to it already a
few times, you now see what stuck with you. So ideally here, you have already
fewer mistakes. And that can only be if you do not write more than you wrote the
first time, which is also in the instructions. All I say is in the
instructions, but it cannot harm to hear it more several times. Yeah, I speak
from experience. Users usually think they have to write the whole text. You
do not have to write the whole text and you stick to the same size length of the
text throughout one lesson. Next lesson, you can push yourself one more
sentence. I of course talk about grammar. Grammar is beautiful. My
favorite. So logical. German lang German German grammar is beautiful genders and
all this stuff. So there is grammar exercises occasionally. There's a
beautiful technique. I don't take this away from you. You have to work through
this and you practice. And again another test. Yeah.
So you want to see is wall masculine, neutral, feminine. I explain all this
and you might wonder why I use English. I use English to make things crystal
clear. There's no need to teach you in the German language. Absolutely no need.
It's unnecessary. In my professional and personal experience and to my best of
knowledge, I studied this subject in and out. You do not need German as an
instructional language. Yeah, you can learn German like this, but I'm not a
fan. I prefer to teach via English. Then there's a couple of videos where I
share experience, philosophy, a little bit of psychology just to help you
through this marathon, which it is because it will take several months to
get to a level that actually feels more relaxed. Yeah. For some
people it might take years up to five years. It's a language. Yeah. Children
take 13 years to get good at it. Yeah. They can speak earlier of course but the
full extent of what you hear here is is the work of many many years. Now the preaching another
beautiful exercise is basically a spoken pattern drill. This is pure grammar
without grammar rules. You apply the grammar you internalize it so that you
can speak without thinking. Like my English now I'm not thinking of any
grammar rules. Yeah they are all falling in place. And it's not that I have
memorized or rehearsed these sentences and learned them by
heart. I'm just applying grammar. Yeah. And this exercise will actually help you
with this. Requires a bit of preparation. Learn the genders. But
that's something you can do on your own. And I always give you the instructions
of what is expected. I give you help. Nothing here is too difficult for you.
If you take your time, if you follow my instructions, nothing. Even if you've
never spoken or heard a single word of German, this course will work for you.
Yeah, you need to speak English though or understand, not even speak. So the
assisted preaching is a tool where you always have a pattern. You want to learn
this pattern. This pattern, let me say, is teaching you the acquisitive without
bothering explaining the accquisitive. So you just need to understand that when
you look at a thing and you know that thing is masculine all this will be
explained then you have to say not just and not and this is the
simple pattern. So you have three possibilities and
and you know exactly when to use them and now you practice that without
thinking initially that will be very slow. Yeah. But if you practice this
half an hour, 40 minutes, it gets better. Let's just take
a look at the first one. So, you need to
allow the microphone and you see it writes down
what I say and then it will highlight it as wrong and it gives you then the correct
answer. So, let me record the right answer. This line is my line.
And then it repeats this and it wants me to say the next sentence here. Yeah. Yes. And you do so 10 times and then I'm
handy. 10 times and then it turns it switches roles. Then you start with A
and B. And you see here handy is here and you know the gender from the
exercise before. Beautiful. And of course it gets more difficult over time.
But this is A1 first lesson. So yeah, be kind to yourself. You will see we have
two preachings here, an assisted and a manual one. You only have to do one.
Which one you do is up to you. I created the assisted preaching because it's
simpler. It's nicer because it's sort of a conversation. This one is more of a
monologue with yourself. You play both roles, but it's also nice. Yeah. And
maybe it's easier for you. You play. You only need to do one or the other. You
can also do both if you enjoy it and want to practice the speaking part more.
This is the most one of the most powerful exercises in the
course. So, I just skip through. You can check everything. I have sessions on
uh pronunciation. There's 12 pronunciation lessons per course. They
are always the same. I'm currently expanding them with exercises. You will
see. Beautiful stuff. and listening. Simply you listen to the text that you
have worked through. You've already read it a couple of times. You've already
done the dictation and heard it and written it. And now you listen to it
again. And you might feel like, "Oh, I've learned this by heart. This is I'm
not really listening. Doesn't matter. You still can hear what is there. It's
not just about
learning what is being said, but also how it is being said. So if you already
know the meaning of the words, you have capacity now to listen to how are they
saying it. You learn to listen in German to you learn to expect what comes next.
And this is a crucial ability to have because you have
to make predictions fast and then you have to correct them occasionally but
you get better and better at predicting so that you need less energy
understanding German. Very powerful exercise.
Reading analysis second part after a certain time and then we have a
beautiful writing tool. Three levels. Your aim is to get from easy to hard.
The difference is that with easy the text will be in front of you most of the
time. Yeah. So you just type it off the screen. Very simple. So yeah, this is simple. No, not much of
a challenge. And you need to correct the mistake. And then you go and you see it
stays here. Fin. Okay. So if you want to know what
you're typing here, um it's not that easy, but easy enough. You install the
DL app and it's available with a shortcut. So it's I think it's only
command shift D and it's right in front of you. I
haven't left the course. And you see here there's a translation. Yeah. If you
want you can even have people speak it, but it doesn't sound good. I think horrible. So don't listen to this. It's
good enough. But these are typical phrases that you will need in
your A1 exam. But even if you don't write in exam, these are useful phrases
to know to understand. So work your way through this. Let's do this again and
let's go to hard and then you will see. Oh, the text goes away. So, you
need to remember how it's typed.
Yeah. And it will correct you, right? And then
Okay. And here you go. So, this is a bit more of a challenge. You do so until you
can write it in difficult mode. You're almost done. Interactive
exercises are basically gap tests, close tests, and you will find the
sentences from the text that you've worked with already quite a lot. And you
just type in the word that you think is in here. If you're not sure, you have a
little hint to be. Uhhuh. As is. Let's see whether that's correct. That's
correct. Next. You can also give up and have it show your answer. Here's your
answer. Yeah. Most of the time there will be just the translation. I think in
B1 we have a little bit more of a helping attitude
here. These are among the most powerful tests by the way and in A1 it's a bit of
a challenge. So that's why we take the sentences you already know quite well.
Couple of extra videos not Yeah. Watch them. They're interesting and show me 10
years ago. Yeah. For that sake. Another dictation. Now the third dictation is
after let's say an hour break. Yeah. Because it takes maybe an hour to get
here. And now we see how much of the first two dictations still sticks in
your memory because we want that information to stick to your long-term
memory. Again, make sure to only write the phrases you wrote before. Do not
write more just because you feel like it. Yeah, very important because you
want to compare your performance between dictation one, two, and three. Next, my
favorite part, the mind pleasing notebook. You check it
out. Occasionally, I share some songs with you. People always ask for the
alphabet. It's not that you need the alphabet, but this is a cute song, so go
for it. A friend of mine created 10 songs for me, and I created a couple of
more songs afterwards uh with AI. No comparison. My friend is a professional
musician and it's just a genius. Really beautiful. So watch it, sing along,
enjoy the music. Music will help you to connect emotionally with the German
language. And if it teaches you the ABC, well done.
Yeah. Now, at the end of lesson one, I don't do this in every lesson, but just
for the first lesson that you see actually how much you have learned, you
read this text again and you see how much you
understand. And ideally you share with us how has your comprehension increased.
So beginning was maybe 20% now it's 80%. Yeah. Yeah. As long as you still
understand the full story you continue. If you haven't increased by more than
20% send me a message and we look at what what went wrong because honestly
the 20 to 80 is a pretty good increase. Yeah. If you're already at 70 in the
beginning, question is whether you're really A1. But 70 at the beginning, 90
later, that's also fine. But if you start low, I expect you to triple or
quadruple your performance by here by the time you reach the end of lesson
one. No. And there's always a conclusion.
This is Sabina and Stefan. As you can see,
with a cafe flag, you will learn that soon. I create some songs right now just
to play around. Um, I love them. It's just fun and it
will maybe help you establish an emotional connection to the story on top
of uh the joy you have reading it and
understanding it. Yeah. Let me play the first 10 seconds. [Music] Yeah. So, this is the first line of the story and she just mellowly sings along.
And the first song that you might understand fully in German.
Yeah, that was basically the structure of every lesson until the end. Of
course, every lesson there is a new text. The story continues. You want to
know what happened and who did it. And this concept I follow in A1, A2, B1. In
B2, you have individual texts, stories about Germany. Yeah. Just that you learn
a bit about culture. In C1, we go a bit deeper, longer text because C1 is mainly
for university preparation, but C1 is a paid course anyhow. And so on and so on
until you reach lesson 54. There will be a few more techniques over time,
especially [Music] in A2 and B1. The writing will change and the presentation will come. Yeah,
you will speak more freely. So gradually you will get exercises that help you to
expand your knowledge and to let go of the tight structure of my courses.
That's the aim. The aim is that you are an independent learner and that you
break out of the given structure. Now two more things. You have this little
monster here that might change at one point. Don't get attached to it. So we
looked at the vocabulary trainer. You can always click on it and go out. And
then you have a G for grammar. So here if you want to know what is grammar
maybe you can even enter individual words. No
okay datative. Yeah you want to learn about datative and then you see there is
four lessons about the dative for beginners possibly it is the first
one and then you get to the video of that lesson. Yeah. Whether you uh have
done A1 with me or not even if you are in B2 you have access to this tool. You
read everything. This is an overview and it brings your grammar up to date and
you go back and then you can search for other things. You can also just look at
the uh structure here. You look at the master classes. My master classes are
beautiful. There are longer lessons hour and a half long about certain
topics that I found really important or difficult like the word ear. That's for
advanced people. So don't jump ahead if you're A1. Yeah, this is more for the
more advanced learners. And the last button is the
C that actually shows you my community. And you see the first thing you see is
troubleshooting measures in case a video doesn't play. I told you use Chrome.
Yeah. And turn off your VPN. Now you see here a couple of
uh channels on the sidebar. You just play around and you might be able to log
in. The community is a platform where people
that pay a monthly subscription to support me and all the others can ask
questions. Anyone else can uh read there, no problem. But if you pay for
the monthly subscription, you can ask a question. I see that you're a paying
member and I will respond. If you're not a paying member, I very likely will not
respond because I need to keep this business running and I really want my
courses to stay free. Yeah. And it's relatively cheap. It's 10 bucks a month
for my personal support here. You type, I respond. The support memberships are
not necessarily only um for this. They are there to support everyone else. So,
if you can spare a tener a month, occasionally even um yeah, please
consider it. Yeah, it would really make many people happy. Right now, I have
30,000 people within the first six weeks or seven weeks of this project, over
30,000 people have enrolled in my courses. That's madness. Yeah. I hope
that one day it will be a million, but that depends on how well you spread the
news and maybe how well you support me financially. If you can afford it, yeah,
don't feel bad if you cannot do it. It's okay.
Good. That was the community. You can always just click outside of the box and
you're back in the course. You do not have to leave my course, not even for
looking up words. So if you want to look up a word here and even and it doesn't
show automatically, you just click the shortcut for and it gives you the
translation and click out and you're back in the course. As simple as that.
It doesn't get more beautiful, more simple. This is in my professional
opinion more than enough material for you. Do not need necessarily other
stuff. Maybe for motivation, an easy reader here and there. You want to
listen to some stuff in the background, not consciously, that's also okay. And
the higher you get, I hope that you will consume more real world material. Yeah.
No need to watch YouTube teachers or something like that. It's all in here.
Why Why do you want to search around and fiddle around if you have everything in
one place? I hope you like it. Um, let me
see if there's anything else I can show you. the settings autoplay,
autocomplete. Yeah, one more thing. So, if you have enrolled up here, you have
your profile, you can do these. If you click on membership and subscriptions,
but you don't have a membership or subscription, nothing will show here.
Yeah, currently I only have this. Interesting that it shows this.
Maybe I tried a subscription model once, but normally my paid courses will not
appear here because they are not subscriptions and they're not
memberships. Yeah, they will appear here in purchase history. And this is also
where you can find your receipt. You can change your credit card details. Let's
hope mine doesn't show. Yeah, you have to log in again. I
don't do this now. Yeah, maybe your address can change. Emily Smith. Good.
No, that's me. And you can contact me here. But you
can also just go to smartergerman.com and then you send me a
message. As simple as that. Or you go to the bot here and you see get in touch.
But before you get in touch, ask your question. Uh duration, how long does the
course take? How long? How many hours should I study? How
long does the course take? Try two, three ways to find the answer to your
question. It's all in here already as you can see. Yeah, save me some time
because it's quite uh time consuming to answer the same question again and
again. And if you don't find what you're looking for, you just share your name,
email, message. Make sure your email is written correctly, otherwise I don't
have no means to reach you. And this is it. Welcome to Smarter
German. Hope you enjoyed this little presentation. Hope you will enjoy my
courses. And if you do, please share the news
uh with the world. There's one more thing. Sorry. Occasionally, I will uh
show you a little bit of advertisement. This is what it looks
like. And here's a couple of ways how you can support my project. Yeah, you
will not only support me and my family, but you will also support, as I said,
currently 30,000, hopefully one day, 100,000, if not 1 million users that can
study with my course for free. Yeah. And that's because you have a tenor to
spare. You can even spend 199. Yeah. Here and there whenever
you have it. Instead of drinking coffee, think of smarter German. Think of all
the beautiful people that you could then practice your German with at one point.
Yeah. So, you play around with this and you figure this out and you click on it
and you get um sent to a page like this. This is the
membership I was talking about. This is when you want to talk with me and this
is when you have a few euros to spare. There is a little secret here. If you go
to the very end, I will not give this away. Yeah. So, anyone who spends more
than $49.99 will get a little surprise. And those that make it a monthly
subscription will get another beautiful surprise. Yeah. Hopefully one day one of
you is rich enough to find out what this is. Okay, now that's it. I wish you a
wonderful day, whatever is left of it. And I hope to one day be your teacher
and to hear you speak beautiful German. Lots of fun.

=== SOURCE #24 (ID: TrUNyXfnf9Q) ===
If you take a look at these three words
here, which is h, ansuk and val, dog, suit and whale, um, they are all using
the article dare. And I will show you now how to learn this the most efficient
way ever. And this is achieved by
simply imagining three little scenes. I call this
technique the Superman technique because I'm going to use Superman to help you
remember that dog suit and whale are masculine in German. So for now, please
just close your eyes for a few seconds and imagine the following situations.
The first situation is that Superman has a super dog. So you see a super dog
flying next to Superman and the dog has its own suit as well. Looks a bit
ridiculous, but it's kind kind of cute also. So Superman is flying with a super
dog. The second situation is that Superman is
on a mission as usual, but it's a special mission. So he had to dress up a
bit and he's wearing a really expensive bloody good looking suit. So he's flying
in that beautiful suit. is a bit tight, but you know, he's looking good. And the
third and last situation is that Superman is lifting a blue whale. He's
actually working out. He has to lift that giant whale a few thousand times a
day to stay super strong. So, these were the three situations you can open your
eyes now. And if I asked you now for the dog, what
would you associate with it? You would definitely remember that dog was
associated with Superman. The same with whale. Whenever you hear the word whale
again, you will see the whale getting lifted by Superman. So that's the way it
works. And I think you have figured out already that Superman is nothing else
but a replacement for the article there. Dare is what we call a masculine
article. Superman is definitely masculine. If
he's not masculine, I don't know what is. So I just replaced this little
article with Superman. So when you remember dog was connected
to Superman and you remember Superman was representing the article there. In
the end you have connected dare to dog. Later on Superman will go. You will not
remember Superman anymore or Super Dog. You will just know their H.
But for now, Superman is establishing a link between these two words.
Of course, we need two more representatives for um D and us. So,
usually for D, I take Lady Gaga or I take Britney Spears, whatever female
idol you can find. Could also be the Queen or Margaret Thatcher who died
recently. And for dus, I would recommend a big fat
baby. Um, like a German big fat baby and associate
with every word that requires the article does.
This is the Superman technique. Call it what you want later on, but it's really,
really helpful and the most powerful technique I've learned over the years
for learning German.

=== SOURCE #25 (ID: PnUU8B8hQmU) ===
off we go today's topic is vocabulary here is my screen vocabulary beautiful in German we have a beautiful word for vocabulary it's called watch that's the word treasure
but uh English is just vocabulary very likely
coming from vocal something that you vocalize
so one question to all of you what is the most important thing that
decides over your language learning success just curious what do you think
is really the thing without which you could completely forget about your German learning and trust me it's a trick question
huh not like an exam or they're nice to you motivation that's beautiful
definitely other guesses vocabulary yeah somehow you could
actually speak without vocabulary just nobody would understand you
time which communicate motivation good these are all beautiful answers when they're of course all important but the
one thing without which you would never learn German is a very
surprising thing your health
I know you don't expect that I will go more into details but have if you are ill or your life is a mess forget about learning anything yeah you are in survival mode that's a different thing than learning you might
learn something while you survive because learning is surviving
so I want to actually stress this a little bit we're not going to do much
detail what does that mean don't worry those will not be a preaching about what to eat and to move your ass but just a little stimulation to think is physical health physical health very simple again no
preaching keep an eye on your diet move
and take rest do I have anything else yeah get a checkup very simple diet just eat something balanced if you want
to have an extreme diet you better have extreme reasons for it I personally
don't care what's most important is that you actually develop an awareness of is
that stuff good do I feel better after eating or do I
feel worse that's something you can actually develop I learned that late in my life I was eating for years and have a good physical basis condition so I'm in good shape but uh I'm in better shape since
then movement doesn't mean you have to do sports or CrossFit yeah or lifting
weights you just move you go for a walk for half an hour
it's the beginning not everyone benefits from jogging take
rest get sleep if you don't sleep well look into it why not if you are not
rested your learning will always be um subpar worse than it could be very simple get a better mattress get
curtains have a mask or put earplugs in your ears
very simple measures and if you snore maybe you snore and you have up noise sleep but no get it checked out so physical checkup should actually happen every couple of years and they will tell you even though it costs money
in your country totally worth it yeah and you can also go to alternative Medicine Man it doesn't matter as long as you take a
look and care of your body without your body and without your mind you're nothing well you're possibly everything but at least when it comes to learning
and interacting with others so mental peace if you have skeletons in your
closet maybe over the years take a look at how
you could get them out of there yeah because they will eat you up from the
inside manage your expectations if you have
high expectations that are beyond your possibilities it will eat you up from the inside if you are a worrier with an O not with an a The
Warrior look into the source of this why do you
worry there is ways to actually worry less
yeah and I these things come not out of my own life
only but also from looking at the world around me and the people that actually
work with my courses has a lot of barriers out there
yeah and my main job is to actually help them find peace of mind so if you can generate peace of mind you
have a solid base for learning German so that was a basic introduction now let's go to the main topic but honestly these things very simple and trust me most of the people that fail learning German
struggle with one of these so I come up with a nice acronym that is
heat so if you're in heat you can learn
German you're healthy heat is about how to learn vocabulary exposure you need to be exposed to a lot of vocabulary I go into detail after that active recall is important what that
means I will show you activity is important as opposed to passive -ness passivity and time and these are the main topics in the beginning and
near the end I will show you tips and tricks and a couple of principles that
you need to understand in order to
fully comprehend the learning process and benefit from it yeah the ultimate
result is you benefiting from this presentation now what do I mean with exposure you want to learn a language you want to
learn vocabulary in order to do that you need to expose yourself to
language to words and you do so by reading and listening
very simple right this is how you interact with the world
you hear sounds and you see stuff and of course you feel stuff but it's difficult to feel language you can maybe feel here but very few of us do that you feel your voice but reading and listening the main
means to to get vocabulary into our system
now what to read and what to listen that's always a question
and again I go into more detail about techniques and principles but
the first thing I can only advise you follow your heart do not read stuff just
because you want to learn a language if there's nothing else sure
but if you have a choice and can read something that you actually would fully
enjoy reading if you understood everything go for that of course you
will not understand much who cares
yeah if you work with the right approach which I will of course introduce you to
or at least show you where you can find that approach then this is the thing the
way to go follow your heart so what I always say rather read Harry Potter than an artificially put together text that someone says is an easy reader easy readers are not as bad yeah they're fine as long as they're entertaining I've
done that myself but let's say um you you want to read something complicated you want to become an
engineer you already start well then then it's your heart how to say don't
read textbooks for fun textbooks are there for course
for classes but don't read them for fun don't read text you wouldn't read if you
have a choice don't read kids stuff and don't read
good so good stuff
um either it's very simple it's an insult to your brain you can learn a
couple of words if you don't have to buy them and have them lie around sure read them but if you buy it children's book for ten dollars and learn 20 words and you have to learn two thousand so that's a hundred times ten it's a thousand dollars just for children's books the good stuff for the
kids is actually pretty challenging it's beautiful but it's B2 stuff yeah good beautiful stuff for those who like
it I managed to read through files at least and possibly false too I'm not a big fan of that kind of literature
nevertheless I can see the beauty if you want to read this do so after B2 C1 yeah that makes your life a lot easier if you are in for a challenge go for it
so take something that is digestible again maybe something that you've read
in your mother tongue already in know by heart like I always recommend Harry
Potter because everybody knows it um I started reading English with very
little knowledge of English um I started reading Lord of the Rings
back in the days in Stephen King Stephen King these criminal things and and mystery stories they have simple vocabulary a lot of the
Rings I cannot recommend you have to bite your way through but after
a certain amount of pages you kind of get the gist of things
if you do these things and the same is valid for listening yeah listen to
things you are interested in I wouldn't listen to Dora the Explorer
necessarily but that's possibly even better than reading it
um so listen to interviews with people that's language spoken the problem with
interviews is people speak as they do in everyday life unless they're trained speakers so you can listen to audiobooks as well and audio plays which I recommend manage expectations means if you do this do not expect to understand much even though it is recommended that you
read stuff or listen to stuff that you already pretty well understand in the
beginning that's not a given so if you open Harry Potter and you expect okay I get the gist of it in German I actually will recognize the
things I've read in English fine yeah and then you can leave all the words you
don't understand at peace where they are
so you don't read to fully understand every single thing you read you get the gist of things and see how much you can expand that understanding over time and while you do that you keep a
dictionary diet yeah everyone who has done a diet
knows diet means reduce well unless you do some weird diet where you can eat
whatever you want and just get the liposuction after afterwards so dictionary diet means you shouldn't look up every word you don't
understand that would you would spend more time with the dictionary than with a book there's different ways to approach reading that would be different
Master Class I teach this way in my free first lesson
so you can maybe check it there it means you look up five to ten words
and you you see if if looking up 10 words frustrates you look up fewer words
and live with not knowing in general your first year of learning German
unless you're a bit faster maybe the first half year of German is having to live with not knowing and trust me your mind hates this
99 of the questions I get is because the mind hates not knowing and if I wait long enough the question answers itself yeah Next Step was active recall uh shall we talk about the Bible quickly
the Bible Well you know those who like to read the Bible are highly motivated so that might get you through this um give it a try I in the end it's up to
you you give it a try and see I can do that
yeah but there might be lighter books too to work through because the Bible uses pretty archaic language and the I I wouldn't consider it beginner's material but give it a try maybe maybe something
you enjoy but maybe do not use it as an only resource because again that
language is never spoken that you read there yeah
and the words that you have there are also rarely found outside of the Bible
so it's the downer yeah and Bible Quran Torah whatever you want to read whatever
religious book they are pretty Advanced I would do that in after B2
or C1 even now active recall it's it's no problem to memorize a lot of things the the biggest problem people have is
remembering when they need it so the opposite of active recall is passive
review and let's take a look at things so how do you actively recall things by
writing a test doesn't have to be a test with examiners
and examination room testing could be a simple question in your vocab app it
could be um just writing a little text it could
be a little exercise where your knowledge is requested
yeah testing is one of the best ways to recall because you actively have to dig
into your memory and remember these things I say something about that later
because it's actually the more difficult thing than as compared to memorizing things visualization is something you it
doesn't feel too exhausting but it's actually very
active so let's say I always recommend people when they read the text for
understanding and they have a rough understanding of what they are reading that they visualize whatever they can but visualization I do not mean that you
have a crystal clear image like a 4K computer screen visualizing everybody can do everybody even a blind person
yeah how they do that I don't know but you can visualize sounds it's also fine you know so visualizing means if I say think of your mother assuming that you
remember her or think of the person you grew up with
think of a banana whatever comes up at that moment that's visualization and
that might be just a rough outline might be an idea of a banana might be the
sound taste feel of a banana that's visualizing yeah and everybody can do that if you cannot
do that you belong to a very small group of people who have are Fantasia um there's not much you can do about it but it's such a rare thing and even then you don't need visualization absolutely not but it will help production producing the knowledge you have you you use it to produce new
things let's say you learn words and you kind of put them in in sentences together or you use them when you speak yeah so using them producing using what
you have learned basically taking notes actually just out of clarity who's taking notes Here
nobody right because you think I I get the replay tomorrow why would I take notes note-taking is among the most
misunderstood techniques out there I recommend taking notes but it needs to
be done properly because often for many people also in my school and University
times people were not taking notes about transcribing the whole listen and that's
not an idea it's not about writing down everything yeah and Hank is taking notes thank you Hank good so taking notes
forces you to select this selection process depending on the situation but
in such things like here it can and very likely will enhance um the the your capability to recall the information you will never ever have to check your
notes again so reviewing notes is something I
wouldn't bother with um I took notes for three years in
school I went back to school after working for three and a half years and I
took notes in front of mind maps which forced me I can't recommend that but I
did that at the time because I liked it and uh had something to scribble around
because the lessons were most of the time but
somehow it forced me to select and and the information got stored I got a
really good grade at the end God knows how but this is one of the explanations I had for that when I tried to look at those notes I couldn't make any sense of it because it was too much time passed if you do it the day after that's fine but if you take notes in smarter German you do not
have to review them yeah you can try and see but if it takes
you too much time in more than 10 minutes I wouldn't bother because it's
more about the selection process that you really actively choose what you want
to remember or what you want to note down and that helps you to deepen your processing level yeah I haven't taken this is not a
scientific guarantee here I haven't read any signs
on that but this is my personal experience with my own notes and looking
at how people take notes writing everything down without selection is a
complete waste of time unless you are someone who has to transcribe things for court laughs the next thing is analyzing if
you analyze things so it's beautiful makes you happy
so many people get goosebumps when they think of analyzing they think oh God I
cannot do that or they think of the psychoanalyst and have bad memories
but analysis analyzing is actually pretty simple and
almost everybody can do it now of course in a new language it's difficult because
to analyze something you need to have a certain base knowledge the good thing is yeah the good thing is in my course and you see that in the first lesson you can already see that I
analyze every single sentence later not every single sentence because they
repeat the words repeat themselves and the knowledge growth your knowledge grows and that helps you to understand what's happening and basically you you I'm I'm a scientist you you watch me do my science
but I do it in a way that you like it it's a little bit like
how do you call these people on TV on YouTube who do beautiful experiments and colorful smoke and foam comes out and makes everything dirty so I do something
like this it's just less um Dynamic let's call it let's less explosive but nevertheless thrilling and lovely
now passive review you read you watch without any effort so
if you just read and watch I wouldn't say it's without benefits
it is of course good to expose yourself to as
much audio and video video not necessarily with the watching basically means listening um I forgot listening here and but I call this passive learning so
you do this in the background you don't count that as learning time when you're commuting somewhere or you're on your bike if you have it on an appropriate
volume you you expose your brain to that so what you learn from that is not vocabulary but rather intonation or Melody you know these things you will very rarely learn vocabulary by just passively exposing yourself to stuff
again imagine listening being written there and then there's something in
between uh multiple choice it's a bit questionable I'm we're still working with it it's it's not that harmful but
somehow multiple choices like to it's very easy to recognize the correct well
very easy depends but often it's very easy to recognize the right answer out
of four if you do memorize or some people work with Anki I'm not sure
whether Anki offers that feature but memorize offers multiple choice
questions and for me it's usually there's always something I can recognize
and then can con like associate the correct answer with the question
yeah so it's I would say it's something in between it's rather weak
last thing and very short thing time who has time these days yeah
who has time what is time time time
you can't accelerate the speed in which your brain processes information
no matter how hard you try you can take all the drugs in the world
yeah if you watch Hollywood movies you may think there are drugs out there that
can help you trust me uh I haven't found a drug yet that helps me to process imagine what drugs do sometimes is they help you focus but
they come with a side effect with a price so if you take Ritalin for example
and I'm not sure what they take in the US nowadays there's something else
but Ritalin was a was the hot for a while it comes with a downside Adderall
that's the name exactly you pay dearly for taking these things
yeah and however you Justified it's up to you it's your health it's your brain
what you can do is that remove obstacles there is plenty of obstacles you
put in your own way and I say you because that's the stuff
you can influence if there's obstacles on the outside there's possibly nothing you think you can do how to remove obstacles that's well another topic and I address it here and there in my course in the initial slide about health was about removing obstacles these are obstacles if you are ill that's an obstacle yeah if your life is a mess that's an obstacle and
[Music] yeah very simple and there's other
obstacles like you live in a noisy environment there's an obstacle that you
don't have money can be an obstacle because maybe
you cannot yeah you're worried about where to get the money for the rent and stuff all these things that's basically part of life is a mess all you have to do language learning is very easy actually so if you remove the obstacles you just speed things up but
all you have to do is to stick with it long enough and that's my job to help you stick with it long enough keep working and you will learn German
yeah to some extent or a better extent is of course it all depends on many many factors how well you learn how fast you learn but
you can't accelerate your biological speed of processing information no
matter how hard you try so stick with it and to keep working of
course you need motivation all the reasons you mentioned to my you you responded to on my initial question were of course important they keep you going
my job is to help you keep going and I do what I can and if you reach out to me
I will do anything I can to share this share my experience with you and point
you in the right direction is a beautiful German saying when this
is if you are in a hurry move slowly walk slowly digest that sit on it for half an hour
not now later beautiful
yeah I don't say anything to that you get that

=== SOURCE #26 (ID: jcdWcLQv8B0) ===
today I would like to answer the question how can I deal with frustration when learning German yeah when you are
learning a language you will feel at one point overwhelmed or very small because you realize there is so much to learn and so little that you already know and you will at one point feel frustration and frustration is actually a wonderful thing because it tells you something goes wrong yeah and that is not in a bad
way it's just ok maybe you have put too much food on your plate and try to stuff it inside and that makes you feel stuffed yeah and you see you cannot actually finish the plate you overestimate your ability or you underestimate the workload and the time it takes actually to take in the
language there's a saying in German you cannot pull the grass to make it grow faster learning german takes its time it doesn't take as long as language schools
take tell you it will yeah but it still takes time to grow and to develop to make the connections in your brain so give it the time it needs frustrations are very often simply a sign of wrong expectations so if you experience frustration try to understand okay why am i frustrated what is the belief behind my frustration write it down yeah I think I should be father I should be more progress by now because I invest so much time and I did this I did that and I expect it to be much better at German at this point that's a belief who actually says that after putting in five hours of learning time you have to be at
this stage who is there you're an individual like all other German German
beings all other human beings on this planet yeah your learning speed is given determined biologically and also of course a little bit influenced by how you went through your education system so you have your very own learning speed but is fine there's not much you can do
about it you can you get better with routine with practice yeah but again you cannot pull the grass so find your own learning speed and so that you are not
frustrated that you know what you can expect from yourself don't try to reach other people's expectations that will is a guarantee to experience frustration because it's impossible to meet other people's expectations
whatever you think yeah if you feel that you meet other people's expectations most likely you have the same expectations and they are realistic but in general don't try so look at what do you expect from yourself from learning German from the time you invest how much outcome is actually real is realistic can you expect and that should deal with the frustration and that doesn't mean you shouldn't expect anything or you shouldn't strive for more that's fine you can strive for more but you have to be realistic you have to be aware of okay I'm pushing myself a little bit beyond that but I'm also content if I reach this level it's totally fine yeah I speak from my own experience with many many languages that I have had to study but also in my business you know I have huge dreams and expectations but I'm always realistic I know what I can expect and I usually am very content with what I do [Music] so frustration is a good thing don't get angry about being frustrated if you're frustrated that's anger enough that's emotional enough don't add to it by judging yourself for being frustrated or for not having achieved this virtual
goal of yours relax you're okay you're normal you're a normal human being and you will learn German if you take it step by step and grant yourself grant your body your brain the time it takes to take it in and to acquire the German language I hope this inspires me a little bit and maybe helps you a little bit with frustration however you feel at this point I wish you success with your German and I wish you above all joy and the love that comes with learning this wonderful language take good care pass off the health in this bite
[Music] did you like this video then give it a thumbs up down there and subscribe of course and please take a look at our free German article course you know German articles are the most important thing for any german event they're honestly spoken a huge strain in the neck but that was before our three german articles please take a look it's free i'm not sure what ever mentioned that no risk take a look enjoy the
beauty of smarter german philip on

=== SOURCE #27 (ID: 5PnKzmTab-g) ===
Assalam Walekum and Good Morning my dear brothers and sisters. I hope you all are doing well. Well friends, today's lesson is a bit interesting. Ok? Well, in today's lesson on meaning, we have taken a word. These are the words of Mu. With this we will teach you how to make sentences today. I mean, not us. Ok? And now I want to tell you here that last night we have uploaded lesson number 61. Ok? Which lesson have you uploaded? 61 This is the lesson that we have learnt from lesson number one till we have reached 61. In which we are from A1 to B1. We are providing you a complete German language course from A1 to B1 from Germany. Are you understanding the matter? and well ? And it is done in a very easy method and in that all the things that you have to do for brief Shaban i.e. for lez and frustration, for sentence making, grammar articles, all these things have been done till lesson number 61 and this will continue further. Ok? So I did not delete this. I said, let's use this word today because we have to make sentences. I will tell you what it means now. Ok? So you should note this. If you are new to our channel and you want to do A1 to B1 complete German course. Ok ? There is a playlist named 100 Days in our YouTube channel in which 60, as I said, 61 lessons have been uploaded. By going there you will learn step by step in detail and in an easy method and we have made this lesson keeping in mind all those students whose education is more or less or they are less educated, it will be very easy for them to learn in it. Ok? Let's make sentences again today. Like I told you in the beginning, today's answer will be a bit interesting. It will be a little funny. Ok? What is Mukhe? Meaning of Mukhe? Hum mukhe means mosquito. Mosquito, okay, yes, mosquito, a mosquito is called much. In German, the word much is di, dikh, okay, dikh, finally, you have a very famous Indian person, a mosquito bites him a lot these days, believe me, I just do n't have time to get the spray or something, I don't have time to go and get it, I have made a complete plan at night that I have to find a solution in the morning, okay, but then in the morning, I get busy with some work, I think I don't have time, so finally, today's sentence, this was a sentence which I think was from an Indian film, maybe a mosquito turns a man into a eunuch, okay, this sentence will also be translated into Dutch and told to you, but later, okay, right now we will make some sentences, okay, this is the first sentence, a mosquito is flying in the room, how will we say this, what will we call it, yes, we are mirror, mirror, muck, mirror, muck, flick is a flying verb, right? I have already told you this many times that verbs are always written with im in German language like fleigen flying, okay, but if your subject is singular, like here it is singular, right, then the verb will always be written with t, okay, flick in the mirror, a mosquito is flying, imsima im simer in the room, simer in the room, now let me tell you here also, im is basically not an im proposition, what is in is an in proposition, okay, which is changed into in like this, so we learn all these things in the dative case, okay, that is why I have told you that you can learn all these things in our lesson, lesson number one, which you have read in the playlist, along with grammar, because in that all the things are being taught grammatically only. ok sir. The next sentence is yes ok I see a mosquito on the wall. I see a mosquito on the wall. What will happen if I mirror it? Yes, I see. Mirror, I mukar, I mukar, I see a mosquito, where do I see it, yes, there want, un there want, un there want, unde want, are you understanding the point, okay, now this is the article of the wall, but we have written there here, why have we written there want, because the Ali here is the dang proposition, okay, you will learn all these grammar things there, InshaAllah you should learn it, rather, okay, the next sentence is the mosquito is making a sound or is making noise, what will be the mosquito marked as ' gaoish', the mosquito is marked as 'gaoish', we have the mosquito marked as ' gaoish', okay, yes, geroish means making noise, okay, the mosquito marked as 'gaoish', that one mosquito makes a noise or is making noise. ok sir. Ok. A mosquito bites. A mosquito bites me or is biting me. It's the same thing. Present is in the midst of impact. A mosquito bites me. What will happen? Ainemakh Aine mukh a mosquito which is there this verb will be your st t i ch stist stist is stist this is verb hastition I said always verbs are written with e n on t but if the subject is singular then verb will be written on t i n eine mukhsist mish ok aine mukhe means a mosquito which is stist mish bites me. I name UK Stist Mish is a mosquito that bites me. Hum Well, I'm afraid of mosquitoes. I am afraid of mosquitoes. What will you make? Yes, please tell me. We are Ishhabye Angst. Ishabe Angst Ishabe Angst I am scared. Who thinks so? Yes, for for is a fly, mosquitoes are collected from the fly, mosquitoes in German language are mosquitoes, okay, cac k en maken, now here also you must learn one small point, that is, for a for is a dative preposition, accusative and dative, okay, so this is one meaning of for that, you use for when you are scared of something, like last time we read a sentence that I am scared of spiders. We use the German word for spinner, meaning we use the word for prophecy to describe something that scares you. Ok? Okay, whatever you are afraid of. Good. Okay, now here he says, Ihabe aa for mukan. I am afraid of mosquitoes. Well, what do you say next? There are a lot of mosquitoes in summer. There are a lot of mosquitoes in summer, what do we call them, yes, there are ... Ok? Restored you can remember im. At present there are a lot of mosquitoes around. Im Joma in the summer. ok sir. Let's see a few more sentences. Well, the next sentence is that the mosquito is in the garden. When you go for a walk in the garden in the evening, what is the name of that lot of people gathered together? They are flying above our heads in a group. So if you say the mucan is a huge quantity of mucan, okay the mucan is a huge quantity of mucan, the mosquito is in the garden. The mosquito is not an imagen ok ok next sentence is I want to catch a mosquito ok ok ish will the mosquito fung what will we make ish will ok ish will the mosquito ish will the mosquito funghan funghan means catching is a verb na this is and this mal is a verb these have been joined our mal is in the verb vil and mul the verb which is in the verb is always written at the end funghan like it is ok ish will the mosquito funghan ok a mosquito is sitting on my arm ok a mosquito is sitting on my arm ok what will I make yeh sorry a mosquito is sitting on my arm ok yeh minimum minimum arm what will I do yeh minimum arm a mosquito is sitting on my arm ok what will I do yeh minimum arm a mosquito is sitting on my arm ok what is next I hear the sound of mosquito at night ah the sound that reaches its ears at night G studies amazingly and doesn't let me sleep. It's okay, sir. What will happen here? These are the Irekh. OK, I hear mosquitoes. In there nose, in there nose is in the night, in there nose is in the night, she is the mosquito in there, I hear the sound of mosquito at night, the mosquito is annoying, the mosquito does bother or is annoying, okay so this will be the mosquito, what will be the mosquito, the mosquito, the mosquito is last, last, it is, the mosquito is annoying, yes, there is a mosquito in my car, I have often seen it in my car also, if I open the window then they come inside, okay, so there is a mosquito in my car, what will be Ishaab mirror mosquito, Ishaab, what will be yes, Ishaab Ishaab, okay, mirror mosquito, mirror mirror mosquito, Ishaab, Ishaab, okay, mirror mosquito, Ishaab, Ishaab, Ishaab, okay, mirror mosquito, Ishaab, Ishaab, Ishaab, what will be yes, Ishaab mirror mosquito, Ishaab, Ishaab, what will be there, yes, Ishaab mirror mosquito, Ishaab, Ishaab, okay, mirror mosquito, Ishaab ... We have a mosquito in my car. Good sir. Ok. Let's see if you more. Good sir. The next sentence is that I kill the mosquito with my hand. Ok. The hand should sit somewhere tucked. Well, the speed of a fly is very fast. She flies away. Are. The poor mosquito is killed by hand. Ok. Ok. What will happen? The Mukhe Hum Kya Banega? Yes, it is too much to kill someone, tovar is the verb to ton, so what will happen, tot, I kill the mosquito, the mosquito, okay, the mosquito, the mosquito, okay, myth, there hunt, myth, there hunt, myth, there hunt, okay, now let me tell you this myth here, that too is a ta proposition, we have already studied our lessons, okay, we have already studied the regular lessons. Ok? By going there you can also learn about myth propagation. Good sir. Let's move on to the fact that there's a mosquito on the table. Hum Aine East of them Ainem East Hum Okay moment Kya Banega Ji? Iine muk i name uk east of them tesh of them tesh are. I name you East of them Tish I name you East of them Tish This has become a song. This has become a song. I name you East of them Tish I name you East of them Tish A mosquito that is did not become a song on the mess. I name you East of them Tish. Ok. Let's move ahead. The next sentence is we KK mosquitoes mosquitoes like hot weather. Gav Mucan is Mugan. Mukhan mukan mukan mukan mukan mugan Bachchan likes what he has. What do you do? Sit in the war, sit in the war, we are sitting in the war, I need mosquito spray, I need mosquito spray, we need mosquito spray, what should I say now I will also bring it today, I will also say today, if you want to give mosquito spray, then you will go and tell him, this is a mosquito spray, what should I say, I am going to bring it, I am going to bring it today, I will also say today, if you want to give mosquito spray, then you will go and tell him, this is a mosquito spray, what should I say, I am going to bring it, I am going to bring it, okay, okay, I am going to cut it, okay, I am going to spray it, okay, I am going to spray it, what should I say, I am going to bring it, I am going to bring it, I am going to bring it, I am going to bring it, okay, okay, I am going to cut it, okay, I am going to spray it, okay, I am going to spray it, okay, I am going to spray it, what should I say, I am going to get a mosquito spray ... You will say, okay, a mosquito is flying over my bed. There is a mosquito flying above my bed. ok sir. How will you make this that ain mukeflit we ain muk which is a noun, its paragraph is always written as ain mukeflit ain mukeflit puberminum bat pu minum bat minum bat hain i name ukfelit puberminum bat a mosquito is flying over my bed. ok sir. Good sir. There is a sentence, the last sentence. Then after that, they will read the sentence which I had said in the beginning that yes, mosquitoes drink my blood. The mosquitoes that drink blood. Are? Mean thinkin' blue. Don't come forward. Are? When they bite your hand. Ok? And those who suck it, suck the blood. Ok? Is it okay to fall? So now the next sentence I will write is what will Mukhan become? Is Mukhan okay? Trinkan, now here the verb will come in full because mukhan is in plural. That means the subject which is our subject is in plural. Are you understanding the matter? If the subject is in plural then the verb will be written in full. Correct? Now here in this sentence above, in mu ki, this mu ke means single subject of yours, mosquitoes of yours, here we are talking about mosquitoes i.e. plural, so the verb will be written completely, if the subject is singular then the verb will be written on t, okay, mukan thinkan blue blute, take this, this will become yours, it is done, so good now let us come to that sentence which is from an Indian movie, probably a very famous one which came to my mind because our topic today is on mu, so it is said that each mosquito turns a person into a eunuch, he had said like this, how will we write it in dos, okay, what will become of aine kline muk, yes, of aine kline kline muk is a small mosquito, okay, it makes a man into a eunuch, rather it is marked as aine starkan man. Ainan starkan man is ainan starkan man is ok yes ok ain star man ok sum oynuuk sum oynuuk is a oynu n u ch this will be oynuukh is ain khlinemak i.e. a small mosquito makes a marked man ainan starkan man makes a strong man weak i.e. the word onuk means that it makes him a eunuch i.e. or what we call it makes him a hijra. Bahal, this was a sentence, it was said as a proverb, so I said, let's do this also with you today. Ok? So thank you so much for watching and before going for the crappy videos don't forget to subscribe always be happy and have a nice time.

=== SOURCE #28 (ID: XJjbs6m65cA) ===
Assalam walaikum and good evening my dear brothers and sisters I hope that all of you are doing well well friends some students come to our house to study who are very successful this student is a student but he is very useless okay he does n't know how to study and also has no idea what to do so now we have started teaching him sir Ali okay now I told him first I told him to start with the lesson I said okay bibi you start with the lesson then you okay now read the lesson you also see with me whether he reads correctly or can do it just read ji f ji read Bismillah you just have to do it yes ji hello this Veera hello this Haje Veera jis panki jinki ban dare aa is bin gana is ban gdan is banan u habe sway jone tom i fear und lakha sway mam lokha gan in the th ra n in stag ma ma ma man li yat le yat in dere Vishwa read it again my ex-men leave in der my ex-men leave in derwa ma mane alton mane alton nun in north deutschland i have the kinder also dan morgen dan aa u aman li den nag nasath i am not able to see you are not able to see you have to read the gans thug akhar mein these bhi padhne gaan thug yes ji read further it is written in the hands i am not able to see the two dots above the eyes which are called bindi we have Indian students also study it which is called umra ut it is called bindi bindi if the bindi is not made then you are not able to see that dot and you are reading it you have to read it site f mi sum mu malve mal vada is malvi nno gahan aaba yes ji read further aaba ban ma funan funan funan ok it is one there is a phone funan there are friends its sum ok you are not able to see the double you one if there was a girl friend then say fun you are not able to see the double A funn okay funn it is funn okay she is making me do wrong too funn funn okay read further one has du den ma site veera u i av after all i am not able to see the E what do you read E in German if you read A then what will be formed sh an v ni anv we always put E with this whatever the verb is I anv read Bibi correctly Bibi I don't like to just do Bibi be I don't have time then Bibi say just do it let's continue Bibi I have to do it Bibi b ji b lighter l fi fat is written Bibi a open Bibi duck your photo is written ban l fat Bibi Bibi n be written not written and you understand na but nun ok ji Bibi has a very good wife one Bibi para ok you are seeing Bibi is not able to read the correct word Ji ji read Ji ji ban franc sakha I bin Bibi da ba first of all I am kind to you and I do n't have time I recommend this I will get the reading done and Bibi will read your kindness Hello brother, further Bibi da kar Bibi da kar Jaan man asks friend Francis ka Francis Francis ka [Music] Song of P P Ban Bodan hymn B Bodan no P Bon ph whaye l is Bodan hymn name is living good further she is born ok [Music] T seamless clean Bibi one gal remember Bibi you have to read the root as understood did you not you have to read the root mostly as read Bibi you have to read the root well done Bibi read further you are done you have to come Sh Sai hand Ma yes read further Gd my D I have to read the l is l ch pata l is not finished I have to add it again well done I am aaaaru gal Shabash I have to read the bun he is ok um ma maa baro okay Baby is right P Mashallah okay what awaits Baby take it take it come ar B Ma okay Ma yes [Praise] Take care of the children Ekam Kar S Bibi no kids bhi friend I highly recommend I Bibi Fajani wish and wife and children too children okay Bibi it is written here baby come ahead one should come to the market come baby baby baby open it and read your my ne l further ji ji some baby some vegetable stuff ready kar ja bahut belt ma good my hobby itan clayton baby clayton ma f niklas is tam Allah baby g khuda da sras you do it baby you leave Gangan baby Gangan Gangan medicine medicine f my Bibi so okay let's read Bibi read it so go I owe you my mercy that you have come to do shopping baby such tomato vegetable lid baby lid unfortunately means lid Allah shukr I did not get the translation done I started saying this please translate Bibi come Bibi if I get the next class again then I will show you that I have got the laser done okay so Daso ji comment Bibi can you do it or not thank you very much Missma

=== SOURCE #31 (ID: -8KM3AxDhfk) ===
Hallo zusammen, I'm your VlogDave!
In this video I want to talk about a little learning aid regarding German articles and how to choose them how to determine them so to speak like which article belongs to which German noun and why so the little learning aid I'm going to talk about doesn't count for all German nouns but for a lot of them so let's find out more about it before I'm gonna go into detail about the learning aid itself let's talk about some basic information regarding German articles first articles belong to nouns so to speak and there are three standard singular German articles in the German language there for masculine nouns D for feminine nouns and does for neuter nouns and the first good and kind of easy thing about German articles is that all plural forms of German nouns always feature the plural article d-dear Luva singular D Leuven pluie ha the bloomers singular the bloomin puga does mia singular D major Plue ha but German articles aren't stiff things they can change depending on the grammatical case of an object or in the context of a sentence however in this video I only want to talk about the non flecked ated the nominative articles they are d and does so if you want to learn more about this Dean and Dean for instance click here or the thumbnail that's gonna appear at the end of this video so yeah the main question about this whole topic is pretty obvious isn't it how should I know when to use which article like which German noun features which article well a very helpful advice that I cannot repeat enough honestly is learn the German alone along with its respective article or articles because while some German nouns can have two or even three different articles yeah this being said there is a certain link certain correlation between sir German nouns and certain articles so this little trick has to do with the endings of many German nouns you might have heard of the German word the wound has zu home for instance and it's a feminine noun d un juez ooh ho there are three letters at the end of this word ooh n gay that can build like a fixed group of letters you will find this group of letters ooh and gay boom at the end of many other German nouns as well so what is this this is called a suffix das suffix and believe me when I say there are many more suffixes in the German language because well the German language wants to strike again as always and here ladies and gentlemen the magic trick can a magic well it's not really magic but yeah let's just talk about it German nouns that end in the suffix une are feminine they feature the article D for instance D AB Tai Lung there are certain German nouns with certain endings certain suffixes certain fixed groups of letters that are recurring in many German nouns and they basically have a distinctive article to go along with them German nouns are masculine when they end in the following suffixes and take a look at the German word dere elephant egg or ich as it's pronounced as well they are Cornish the suffix Ling in dere Schmetterling so before I'm gonna continue a little reminder because always make sure to check the suffixes carefully is it really the suffix you are looking for or does it only seemed like it for instance take the German noun does ding which I've talked about in an episode of interesting German words by the way it looks kinda similar but it's not the suffix Ling because the L is missing the L belongs to the suffix Ling it's a fixed group of letters remember that last but not least the suffix was for instance in day at circus let's continue with some suffixes for feminine nouns i in d dot i shaft for instance in da roman shaft height and kite for instance in words such as d dankbaar kite d Zija height e which basically is spelled e e but it's pronounced like a long e G Maggie and last but not least let's talk about a suffix for neuter nouns Shen does nation the suffix en in particular is used for many minimized forms of German nouns for instance thus fetchin which is a minimized form of the sphere the horse all in all there are a few more suffixes I could have talked about as well but well I think this should do for now as always I'd appreciate a like if you enjoyed this video and I'd also appreciate a subscription to the channel if you're interested in more videos about the German language and culture find many different links for instance to the official vlog Dave Facebook page or a PayPal donation link if you want to help me out with a little tip and well many many more links in the video description down below however thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed this video, I'm your VlogDave! Tschüss und bis zum nächsten Mal! :)

=== SOURCE #32 (ID: HdI4RMm0n1o) ===
German articles de and thus most
learners think they're random but the truth is they are not. There are tens
and thousands of German nouns but two simple ideas make them predictable.
Today I will show you both. Let's begin. The first idea is noun endings. When you
see a new noun look at the ending because noun endings follow a clear
pattern. Let's start with their ling.
They're fringing. They're noiling. They're twiling. They're lling. East is
their politicist, their tourist, their specialist, their artist.
and their informant, their delivererant,
their commandant, their musicant and
their student, their moment, their president, their patient. But their also
appears in several special groups. And knowing these groups makes guessing even
more easier. The first group is weather. Almost all
weather words are masculine. So when you hear a weather term, your safest guess
is there. The second group is days of the week. This one is simple. All the
days of the week are masculine. Seven days all day. Third group, months. Same
rule here. All months are masculine. No exceptions. Just there. Time of the day.
Most times of the day are also masculine except din.
Seasons and seasons are also masculine. Easy. Now let's look at D. Feminine
endings are the strongest pattern in German language. If you learn these, you
win half the battle. Let's start with for example the unmong the kite for example
the muglish kite the kite the kite the fryish kite
height for example the fry height the shon
height the war height the gishon height date.
For example, the universityate, the activate, the mobility, the qualitate
shaft, the V shaft, the manhaft, the wen shaft,
the lunch shaft. Shun, the informat, the napion, the
situation, the tradition. I e
The famili the biologine That's fry line. That's fogg line.
That's b line. That's kin line. G.
That's gimness. That's gentile. That's germ. That's dumm. That's visum. That's
centrum. D muzum. O.
That's bureau. Does auto kino does photo
meant document does argument thus fundament
parliament. Here is the second idea. German articles follow a clear
statistical pattern. Some articles are simply more common than others. Even if
you don't know the word, one article is automatically the safer guess. Here is
the distribution. D is the most common around 46%.
Dare is next around 34%. Thus is rarest around 20%.
So if you have to ever guess blindly, start with D then de and thus is your
last guess. With endings and [music] statistics on your side, German articles
aren't a guessing game anymore. They are a system you can actually master.
[music] German may seem difficult at first, but it is not hard. It is simply
misunderstood. Stay consistent, don't give up, and we will master this
language together. [music] I will see you in the next video.

=== SOURCE #33 (ID: ZIflTWvgqng) ===
Welcome back to our A1 German Learning
Series. In this video, we will explore one of the
most important and sometimes confusing topics
for German beginners, such as how to use the articles. der, die and das Believe me, after watching this video, you will become the master of these
articles. These words are small, but they are used
all the time in German. So today, we will learn what they mean, how they work, and how to use them
correctly with different nouns. Before we begin, make sure you have
watched our previous videos on verbs, sentence structure, and basic vocabulary. And if you find this lesson helpful,
please like the video, share it with your friends, and subscribe to the channel for more easy
German lessons. Let's take a look at what you will learn
in this video. We'll start with what grammatical gender
means in German. Then we will learn the three articles. der, die, das And what kind of nouns go with each one? I'll show you easy examples and memory
tricks to help you remember them. And, of course, we'll do some practice together. At the end, I'll also share a fun cultural
tip about how Germans use these words in
everyday life. Let us start with a very important
question. What is grammatical gender in German? In English, we use the word, the, for everything. For example, we say, the man, the woman, the house. But in German, there are three different
words that means the. And which one you use depends on the
grammatical gender of the noun. Now, in grammar, gender does not always mean male or female like in real
life. It is just a system in the language to
group nouns into three types. These three types are The word. Teer. is used for masculine nouns. The word. D is used for feminine nouns. and the Word. Thus, is used for neuter nouns. Let's look at some simple examples. The word for dog in German is... Hund It belongs to the masculine group, so we
say. der Hund This means the dog. The word for Lamp is... Lampe It is feminine, so we say. die Lampe This means the lamp. and the word for houses. House It is in the neuter group, so we say. das Haus This means the house. As you can see, each noun comes with a
special article that tells us the gender. It is very important to always learn the
article together with the noun. Do not just say. Hund or House Always say. der Hund, das Haus, ohr die Lampe Think of the article and the noun as one
word, like one full name. In German, this is not just a small
detail. It's a basic grammar rule. If you use the wrong article, your
sentence may sound strange or incorrect, but do not worry. You will learn to recognize the gender
over time. There are even tricks and patterns to help
you remember, and we will learn them later. Now that you know German has three
different words for The. And these are der, die and Thus, Let us learn how to actually use them with
real nouns. Here is a good tip. So instead of just learning the word, Hund which means dog. You should say. der Hund The dog. Why? Because. Hund is a masculine noun, and it always needs
the masculine article. Teer. Now look at this next word. Lumpur Means Lamp. It is a feminine noun, so we say. die Lampe And then we have the word. Fenster It means window. Fenster is a neuter noun, so we say. das Fenster Let me say them again clearly. der Hund means the dog. Die Lampe means the lamp. das Fenster means the window. So every time you learn a new German noun,
make sure you say the article with it. It will help you speak correctly and also
remember the gender more easily. In the next part, we will look at more
common nouns in each category, so you can begin
to recognize patterns. Now let's look at more examples of German
nouns and their articles. We will group them by gender. That means, you will see nouns with. der die and Thus, so you can begin to notice patterns. Let's start with Masculine nouns. Here are some examples. der Tisch which means the table. der Stuhl means the chair. der Apfel means the apple. der Ball means the ball. der Lehrer means the male teacher. Next, let's look at feminine nouns. Die Blume means the flower. die Schule means the school. Die Uhr means the clock. die Tür means the door. die Lehrerin means the female teacher. And now neuter nouns. das Haus means the house. das Buch means the book. Das Kind means the child. das Auto means the car. das Fenster means the window. Can you see the pattern? Words that end with an like. Lehrerin are often feminine. Words for Objects or Materials Like Buch- oder Fenster are often neuter with. class. And many tools are things that are active,
like... Palo Lera Have article der But be careful, German gender is not
always logical, so the best way to learn is to always say
the article with the noun. Instead of just. Tish Always learn to speak like. der Tisch instead of just. Pouh! say Das Buch This will help you speak better and
remember faster. In the next part, I will share a few
tricks and tips to help you remember the correct
gender even more easily. Memory Tricks for Masculine Nouns Deer Masculine nouns in German often end with
certain common endings. One of the most frequent endings is r For example... der Lehrer means teacher. der Teller Means plate and der Computer means computer. Other nouns with these endings are der Koffer which means suitcase. Der Bäcker meaning baker. der Wecker which is Alarm Clock. Another common masculine ending is 링 For instance... der Schmetterling means butterfly. der Lehrling Means apprentice. Der Liebling means darling, and der Zwilling means twin. These nouns usually refer to people,
animals, or things with this ending. The Ending いけ is also typical for masculine nouns. Examples are der König meaning king. der Honig which means honey, and You will often find this ending in nouns
describing things or objects. Keep in mind these endings usually
indicate masculine gender, but always learn the article with the noun to
be sure. Saying der Lehrer instead of just Lehrer
will help you remember it better. Memory Tricks for Feminine Nouns D Many feminine nouns in German end with the
letter. BOOM! For example... die Blume means flower. die Lampe Means Lamp, and die Straße mean street Other common nouns with this ending are die Tasche meaning bag die Flasche meaning bottle, and Die Schule Meaning school Feminine nouns often also end with. Boom. Examples are... Die Zeitung meaning newspaper. die Wohnung which means apartment, and die Meinung which is opinion. Other nouns with this ending include die Erfahrung meaning experience, and die Bewegung Which means movement. Two more common endings for feminine nouns
are Height and Kites For example... Die Freiheit means freedom. Die Gesundheit Means health. die Gelegenheit. means opportunity, and Also. die Schwierigkeit means difficulty. die Möglichkeit Means possibility. Die Sauberkeit Means cleanliness. These endings are a strong clue that the
noun is feminine. However, remember some exceptions exist,
so always learn the article with the noun. Say die Blume Not just. Blume Memory Tricks for Neuter Nouns Thus Neuter nouns often have endings that show
they are small or diminutive. One of the most common endings is Chen For example... das Mädchen means girl. das Brötchen means bread roll, and Das Kätzchen means kitten. Other nouns with this ending are das Häuschen meaning little house, and das Entchen which is duckling. Another diminutive ending is. Lying For example... das Fräulein means young lady. das Büchlein means little book, and das Mäuslein means little mouse. These endings usually indicate a smaller
or affectionate form of the noun. Neuter nouns also commonly end with. Mint Examples are das Instrument Meaning instrument. das Dokument meaning document, and das Argument Meaning Argument Other nouns with this ending are das Apartment which means apartment, and das Element Meaning element These endings generally tell you the noun
is neuter. But as always, it is safest to learn the
article with the noun. Say Das Mädchen Not just. Mädchen Let's practice what you've just learned. You will hear the word and see it on
screen. Try to guess the correct article. Is it? der die or Thus, Let's begin. Question 1 l'erreur der Lehrer b. die Lehrer c. Das Lehrer Beep. Beep. Beep. The correct answer is... A des légers. The word ends with "-er", which is usually
masculine. Question 2 Blume Ah, der Blume! b. die Blume c. Das Lehrer Beep. Beep. Beep. The correct answer is... Bee. Die Blume Words that end with –e are often feminine. Question 3 Mädchen der Mädchen b. die Mädchen c. das Mädchen Beep. Beep. Beep. The correct answer is... See. das Mädchen Even though we talk about a girl, the word
ends with. Chen. which is a neuter suffix. That's why the article dos is the right
one. Question 4 A. der Zeitung b. die Zeitung Gr. In der Vergabegenseite lotioniert C. das ZeItun. Beep. Beep. Beep. The correct answer is... b die Zeitung It ends with Om. which is always feminine. Question 5 Pour Ah, der Buch! B. die Buch C. Das Buch. Beep. Beep. Beep. The correct answer is... See. das Buch This is a neuter word. It's something not a person and not tied
to a gender. Great work! You have just finished an important part
of German grammar, understanding the articles. der die and class. Now you know how grammatical gender works,
how to spot article patterns, and how to remember them
more easily with smart tricks. If you keep practicing, choosing the
correct article will become natural for you. If this video helped you, please click. Like and subscribe to the channel! Share it with your friends who are
learning German, too! Every week, we release new lessons to make
your A1 journey fun and simple. Thank you so much for watching. Keep learning, stay curious, and see you in the next video. Tschüß Thank you very much.

=== SOURCE #34 (ID: WoDwBETzzv0) ===
how do I translate the in German y try yes there D and thus come it's a classic let's learn the definite articles and the indefinite articles and what the
differences are in this video bits to bed right
[Music] essence there the Das are the definite articles in German you use them when you mean one specific person or thing so much t-shirt I said they are young because I meant
one specific boy but I set iron blowers t-shirt because it's one t-shirt out of a million t-shirts definite articles are
also used when there is only one of it for example they are ISO to them there is only used for masculine words for example Daman they are hunt they are Tish D is only used for feminine words for example D Frau Di katsa di Tasha thus is only used for neutral words like Das house tuscans that's kissing what if it's not obvious if the noun is masculine feminine or neutral
the best way is to learn the noun with the article
here you can memorize it with the color trick for example memorize all masculine
words in blue for example the feminine words in red and the neutral words in yellow so if you're not quite sure what article
the noun has just think of the object and its color does kissman is foreign Deutschland okay does kissing Road s thank you for dining if you are not sure what article to use
don't be afraid to ask you can ask by saying when you got your answer and you want to
say thank you say thank you but what are chunks you ask
chunks are word combinations that native speakers use all the time and that you
can learn by heart gets the most important chunks that you
will need in a German Conversation in our free essential German chunking kids the link is in the description if you haven't learned the colors in German yet Don't Be Afraid we have a video about it here
other tips are colors are always neutral dasblo yes almost all types of fruits are feminine DTV the banana the orange Ava guys before we continue at the end of
this video we will do a quiz to check your knowledge so stay tuned frightens I'm in indefinite articles are used when you
don't know the thing or person yet that is Auto being a hurt us or when it's one of many that is house tafon give this feeling here Ein is used for masculine or neutral words like Iron Man iron house is used for feminine words like Aina Frau foreign definite versus indefinite articles definite articles they are used when there's only one of
it in the world or you mean one specific person or thing indefinite articles I'm you use them when you don't know something or somebody also you use them
when it's one of many don't forget to learn the articles with the noun and use
the color trick to not forget which noun is masculine feminine or neutral article foreign it's not only the definite article for
feminine words it's also the plural article so no matter if the noun is
masculine feminine or neutral if it's impleural the article is TI foreign let's check your knowledge for instance quiz the answers will be in the dialogue
after essence what is the definite article of Frau [Music] what is the infinitive article of Auto threatens what is the definite article of man pause the video to take some notes
here are your results in a dialogue I hope you can find all the answers
write them in the comments down below and I'll correct them for you Paul had Insurance Auto yeah Diamond Hut encloses also show yet times as highest yet stamped before not sure about the verb conjugations in German
not a problem anymore let's learn the verb conjugations in this video here

=== SOURCE #37 (ID: FMztjuYalsc) ===
Hi Marcus, Marcus Language Academy, and today we have an interesting topic: how can we better remember the articles of German nouns? Our senses don't always do this well. Use the beginner's link for inscription. So let's get started with German. We'll start with the 20 nouns: der, das, and die. Please stop. We'll take a minute to remember the corresponding articles. So let's get started. Please use the video to memorize the articles. Take a few minutes. See in the moment. Take a note. Okay, so the correct article is: bank - ist die Bank. Let's take notes. Okay, what is the article? Article: auf Sand - der Sand, Computer - der Computer, Bus - der Bus, Wein - der Wein, CD - die CD, Krokodil - das Krokodil, Auto - das Auto, Hand - die Hand, Hotel - das Hotel, Banane - die Banane, Ball - der Ball, Foto - das Foto, Schokolade - die Schokolade, Seminar - das Seminar, Musik - die Musik, Lampe - die Lampe, Telefon - das Telefon, Radio - das Radio, Museum - das Museum. Okay, so how are we really terrible? So many students struggle with articles in German. Okay, so let's try again. Helpful tips: [Music] Alien - blue - okay, so das Problem - okay, so hier das Problem - make [Music] Problem - desperate color and little story - will quickly let other NS - der Vulkan elephant standing AC volcano the volcano the piano piano the piano the hamburger elephant the hamburger the minute the gas cloud okay the gas the aprilation the April the university prin [music] the family the internet we see our alien on the internet the internet the ticket our alien can believe it but got the last ticket the ticket the coffee elephant loves coffee and enough so the coffee the jeans prin EXP in the jeans the tomato prin Blue Tomato the tomato the wind MAK wind so the wind the restaurant the pizza our princess loves pizza and takes the first slice the pizza the test our elephant successfully passes test the test the bar princess drink in bar the bar the theater our alien plays the main part in the theater so the theater okay so now let's see how many articles you have memorized this time and please write down your correct answers so let's get started university the university coffee the coffee restaurant the restaurant piano the piano April the April tomato the tomato test the test minute the minute family the family problem the problem wind the wind bar the bar hamburger the Hamburg jeans the jeans gas the gas volcano the Vulkan Theater das Theater Pizza die Pizza Internet das Internet Ticket das Ticket so what was result now just count usually people make 82% correct answers method only in future littleep green alien blue princess everything like will be a piece of cake i hope you enjoyed my video and that you don't miss anything please subscribe to my channel and activate the bell Marcus from Marcus language Academy and thank you thank you very much for watching

=== SOURCE #39 (ID: PhAxC5BmcSs) ===
Welcome to the best site for learning
German. We upload videos every day. Let's go. All right, let's get into it. Today,
we're taking a little road trip on the German sentence autobon. Our final
destination, hitting that fluency [music] we're all after. And the car
we're driving, well, that's going to be sentence connectors. You know, these are
the little words that link all your ideas together. But in German, each one
has its own set of traffic rules. So, you're going to want to buckle up
[music] cuz we're about to figure out how to navigate these roads like a total
pro. So, here's our road map for the trip. First, we've got to cover the
basic rules of the road. Can't drive without them. [music] Then, we'll hit
the easy A to cruise control lane. After that, we're taking a scenic detour that
sends our verb to a completely new destination. [music]
Then, and this is the fun part, we merge into the fast lane to master something
called inversion. And finally, we'll wrap up with your own personal GPS with
some driving tips you can take with you. Okay, [music] first things first. Before
we can even think about starting the engine, we have to understand the single
most important rule of the German [music] sentence autobon. Seriously,
this is the law of the land. And it pretty much governs everything else. And
here [music] it is. We're calling it the golden rule. It's simple. In a regular
German sentence, [music] the verb, the action word that's been conjugated, is
always in the second position. No [music] exceptions. So in the example,
is your first piece and boom, right there in [music] spot number two is the
verb. Getting this down is the absolute foundation for everything we're about to
do. And just look at how solid this rule is. [music] It doesn't care what tense
you're in. Present tense, l is second. Past tense, linen is [music] second.
Even when you start using helping verbs for more complex stuff like the future
or with modals, the conjugated part of that verb, words like habit, [music]
verde, or can, they always always hold that second position. This is your
anchor. Remember it as we start getting into more complicated routes. All right,
[music] time to merge onto the highway. Our first junction introduces a group of
connectors that [music] are honestly incredibly easy to use. I want you to
think of them as putting your car on cruise control. You just connect your
ideas and you don't have to change your driving style one bit.
So, these are what we call position [music] zero connectors. And what that
really means is they don't count grammatically speaking. They're just a
little bridge between two complete thoughts. Since they don't take up a
numbered spot in the sentence, [music] the clause that comes right after them
just starts over from one. Easy as that. And here's the crew. The best way to
remember them is with the acronym aduso. You've got abber, den, un zern, [music]
and odor. Now, I want you to pay special attention to den, which means because.
Think of this as the simple easy because. [music] It follows this cruise
control rule. Why am I pointing this out? Because we're about to meet its
trickier cousin, vile, in a little bit, but for now, just know that these five
keep things simple. Let's see this in action. The first part
is a totally complete sentence. Then we hit our connector un which is just
hanging out in position zero. After the comma, what happens? The next clause
just restarts the count. Do is in position one and [music] our verb least
is right back where it belongs in position two. See? Simple and clean.
Okay, time [music] to take our next exit. Now, this route is a little more
scenic, let's say. And the traffic laws here are completely [music] different.
We're about to meet a new kind of connector that sends our verb on a
totally unexpected detour all the way to the [music] end of the road. So, here's
the deal. When you use one of these connectors, you're creating what's
called a dependent [music] clause. Basically, a thought that can't really
stand on its own. And the price you pay for using one of these [music] powerful
words is that the conjugated verb gets punted all the way to the end of its
[music] clause. And you will see these detour signs everywhere in German. The
big one to notice here is v. That's the other word for because remember our
[music] easy cruise control buddy den? Well, den didn't change a thing. Vile
changes everything. It's used for a deeper [music] reason or explanation and
grammatically it forces that verb to the end. It's the same meaning but totally
different traffic rules. Let's look at this in action.
[music] That's our main clause. Verbs in position two. Everything is totally
normal. But then we use vile. Now look what [music] happens. The conjugated
verb maka has been forced to travel all the way to the very last spot in [music]
the sentence. This right here is one of the most unique and important features
of German [music] grammar. All right, we've handled the basic highway and the
scenic route. Now, it's time to merge into the fast [music] lane. This is
where we're going to tackle some really useful words like dish, tot. Now, they
can feel a little tricky at first because they require a special driving
maneuver called inversion. So, what is this inversion maneuver? Here's how it
works. The connector itself, the adverb, it proudly takes position number one in
the clause. But what was our golden rule? The verb has to stay in position
two. So, to make room for it, the subject gets bumped over to position
three. [music] So, the word order becomes connector, then verb, then
subject. Let's start with deshel. It means therefore, [music] or that's why,
and it shows a logical consequence. So I have a lot of work. That's the cause.
What's [music] the effect? Well, as you can see,
you see it des [music] takes position one. The golden rule kicks in. So the
verb k must stay in position two. And [music] that forces our subject into
third place. That is the core of inversion right [music] there. Next up,
we've got stem, which means nevertheless or in spite of that.
[music] This one shows a contrast, something you wouldn't expect. So the
water [music] is green. Logically, you probably shouldn't swim in it. But
against all expectations, [music] stem shimsy. The word order follows the
exact same pattern. Stem is first, the verb shrimp is second, and [music] the
subject Z gets bumped to third. Same rule, just a different kind of logical
connection. And finally, [music] let's look at done, meaning then or next. This
shows a sequence of events or [music] a direct consequence. You can think of it
like an if X then Y situation. So that's the if part if you do that and
what's the direct [music] result then we are no longer friends and again
look at the pattern done is in first position the verbs in holds down second
[music] and the subject ver moves to third it's a super consistent pattern
once you see it okay let's [music] pull over for a second and just look at the
map this table puts everything we've talked about together [music] that top
row that's our cruise control lane connectors like un are in position zero
and the [music] word order doesn't change at all the middle row that's Our
scenic detour connectors like vile kick the verb all the way to the end. And
that bottom [music] row is the fast lane are adverbial connectors like deskhelp
which cause that special inversion maneuver. Seeing it [music] laid out
like this really helps clarify those three distinct patterns. Okay, we've
navigated the three main highways of German connectors. [music]
Now for the last leg of our journey, I want to give you your own GPS and some
practical driving tips so you can hit the road feeling way more confident.
Here are three really simple tips to make this all a little bit easier.
First, please don't try to learn all of them at once. That's a recipe for
disaster. Just focus on mastering one from each of our three categories.
[music] You know, like un vile, and deskhubel. Second, and this is a big
one, when you're actually speaking, give yourself a 1 or two second pause [music]
right before you use one of the trickier connectors. It just gives your brain a
split second to get the word order right. And finally, you've got to use
them. The more you connect your sentences, the more fluent and natural
you're going to sound. It's [music] a total game changer. And with that, our
guided tour is officially over. Your own language journey [music] starts right
now. So, which road are you going to take first? Are you going to stick to
the easy ADSO cruise control lane for a bit? Or maybe [music] take that scenic
verb to the end route with while or are you feeling brave and ready to jump into
the fast land to practice those inversion skills with Deshel? The choice
is all yours. [music] Happy driving. Here are some tips that will help you
improve your German fluency incredibly. And remember, new videos every [music]
day. So, if you're learning German, you've
probably felt it, right? That feeling of being totally stuck in a maze of grammar
and vocabulary. Well, today we're going to lay [music] out a clear road map to
guide you out of that confusion and toward real confident fluency. [music]
Let's dive in. Yeah. Does this feel a little familiar? The journey to learning
German can [music] seriously feel like a maze sometimes. You've got apps, you've
got books, classes, all of them pulling you in what feels like a million
different [music] directions. And look, it's totally understandable to feel
overwhelmed. And trust me, you are so not alone [music] in feeling this way.
This quote just it hits home for so many people. They put in the time, sometimes
years, but the progress just isn't [music] what they expected. That
frustration is real and it is incredibly common. Okay, I really want you to hear
this. If you're struggling, it is probably not because you lack talent or
you're not putting in enough effort. More often than not, the problem isn't
you, it's the method. With the [music] right plan, the right road map, fluency
isn't just some far-off dream. It's completely achievable. All right, so
where do we even [music] begin? Well, the very first step on any journey, and
maybe the most important, is knowing [music] your destination. It's time to
set your compass. Before you even think about memorizing a single word, you've
got to answer this one crucial question. Your why is basically the fuel for your
engine. It's what's going to power you through those tough grammar lessons and
keep you going when you feel like you're hitting a plateau. So really, what's
driving you? Is it about connecting with your family on a deeper level? Is it
about boosting your career? Maybe you want to study abroad? Or maybe you just
want to travel and [music] confidently order a coffee in Berlin? Get specific
because a clear purpose is an unbelievably powerful motivator. Okay,
once you've nailed down that powerful [music] why, we need to turn it from
this kind of vague dream into a real solid [music] plan. And the absolute
best way to do that is by setting what's called a smart goal. So, what on earth
is a smart [music] goal? It's actually a super simple but really powerful
framework. It just means your goal needs to [music] be specific, measurable, so
you can actually track your progress, achievable, so [music] realistic,
relevant to your big why, and finally, timebound, meaning it's got a deadline.
We've got our destination locked in. Now, [music] it's time for step two,
building a really strong foundation. This is where we get into the nuts and
bolts of the German [music] language. You know, when you boil it all down, any
language really [music] stands on these three pillars. You need good
pronunciation so people can understand you. You need vocabulary to have the
words to say what you mean. [music] And you need grammar to put it all
together in a way that makes sense. But okay, how do you actually tackle [music]
these pillars without getting overwhelmed? The secret here is to go
deep, not wide. Instead of trying to [music] do everything at once, we're
going to focus on one incredibly powerful technique. And that technique
is called chunking. So what is chunking? Honestly, [music] this is a total
gamecher. Instead of memorizing long isolated lists of [music] vocabulary,
you learn groups of words, phrases that naturally belong together. You're
learning in context, [music] the way native speakers do. Just take a
look at this comparison. It [music] makes it super clear. The old way has
you memorizing four separate words. With chunking, you learn the whole natural
useful phrase. [music] See, you're learning the vocabulary and
the grammar all [music] at once without even thinking about it. Okay, so you've
got your why. You've got a killer method for building your foundation. Now, for
step three, this is where the magic happens. It's time to stop just knowing
German and start actually using it. And this this is probably the biggest hurdle
I hear from learners, [music] right? I just don't have anyone to practice with.
It's a totally valid problem. But here's the good news. You don't actually need a
speaking partner to start making huge improvements. Let me introduce you to
one of the most effective solo practice methods out there. It's called
repetition with variation. It sounds really simple, and it is, but it is
incredibly powerful for [music] building that muscle memory you need for fluency.
Here's how simple and powerful this is. You start with a basic sentence [music]
like then you just start playing with it.
[music] Turn it into a future prediction. Add a word like must or can.
Pop it into the past tense. This [music] one simple drill trains your brain to
build sentences automatically so you don't have to stop and think about every
single grammar rule. All right, we're onto [music] our fourth and final step.
This one is all about making German stick for the long haul. We're talking
about making it a habit. And you know what the best part is? You don't [music]
need to carve out these huge chunks of time from your day. Remember this,
consistency always beats intensity. [music] Just 15 focused minutes every
single day is so much more effective than a 3-hour cram session once a week.
So, how do you do it? Here are some super simple ways to start weaving
German into your everyday life almost without trying. Change your [music]
phone language. Write your grocery list in German. Listen to some German music
on your commute. Stick post-it notes on things around your house. [music]
These tiny acts of immersion add up to make a massive difference over time.
So, let's pull all of this together. Let's look at your complete fluency road
[music] map from start to finish. There it is, all in one place. Your four-step
plan. [music] Number one, set your compass. Know your why. Two, build that
strong foundation with chunking. Three, [music] activate your skills by
practicing even by yourself. And four, form a daily habit. This is your proven
path from feeling [music] lost to speaking with real confidence. And that
of course brings us to the final most important question. [music] You have the
map now. You know the steps. So what's the very first small step you are going
to take on your road map [music] today. Subscribe and let's reach our goals
together. Remember nothing comes without effort. See you tomorrow.

=== SOURCE #40 (ID: Rj2_eX1bFcM) ===
Hello people! As you know, German sentences are sometimes very long, and something that is particularly difficult for people learning German is finding out in which order to place different clauses one after another in a sentence. Today we'd like to introduce you to a rule that you may have already heard in (your) German lesson, and this rule helps you to find an order. This rule is called the "te-ka-mo-lo" rule. "Te-ka-mo-lo" stands for temporal, causal, modal and local. And now let's take a look at how it can look exactly. Let's go! Janusz? Oh, not now please. I'm filming my first TikTok video. OK, but Manuel is coming over to play cards soon. Oh, please, can't you play somewhere else? OK. Manuel, you won't believe it. Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently in the kitchen filming a video with pretty crazy dance moves. Can we meet later, maybe? In this scene you just saw (that) I used an almost absurdly long sentence. I said: “Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently in the kitchen filming a video with pretty crazy dance moves.” This sentence is very long but I took it because we were actually able to show in one sentence all of the different pieces of information that a sentence can contain, and we're also able to explain this rule to you. And now we'll go through these different adverbial phrases - that's what you call these small parts of a sentence - step by step, and show you which order we use. Let's start with the "te" from our "te-ka-mo-lo" rule, and "te" stands for temporal, for time-based adverbs. In the sentence here it was the "currently". Janusz is currently filming. So this temporal phrase is always at the beginning of this information. And here you'll see another example with a temporal adverbial phrase. Oh, I've got three likes already since yesterday. I've got such a good feeling about it now. I've always known that TikTok is exactly my thing. In this example you saw that this temporal expression is always immediately after the conjugated verb. And this temporal expression can be an adverb, such as "now". It's just one word. I have... Now I'm doing this and this. But it can also be an expression with several words. For example, Janusz said: "I've got three likes already since yesterday." And this "since yesterday" together is an adverbial phrase, as it's called. And regardless of whether it's one word or several, whenever it's about the time this expression is directly after the conjugated verb. Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently in the kitchen filming a video with pretty strange dance moves. Now let's look at part two of this "te-ka-mo-lo" rule, and that's the "ka". "ka" stands for causal, and in German you could also say "the reasoning". In this sentence I say: "Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently filming a video." And if you ask: Why are you doing something? If you answer this question "Why?" in a sentence, you (put) this expression after the time. So you always have the temporal expression first: "Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently filming that video." So temporal expression (first), and then comes the causal expression, which answers the "Why?". Hello! Oh, hi. How was your day? Oh yeah, good. Due to lots of clicks on TikTok I'm now making a video every day. Ah yeah? So how many clicks do you have? A fair few. Wow. Here you just saw another expression, an adverbial expression, which expresses a reason. Janusz says: "Due to lots of clicks on TikTok, I'm now making a video every day." And these adverbial expressions that indicate a reason, you often build them with a "for... for certain reasons" or "due to lots of clicks." And in formal speech you also often say "due to". There was a traffic jam due to an accident. So there are always these causal expressions and they, like I said, (take) the second place in the sentence. Due to his newly developed passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently in the kitchen filming a video with pretty crazy dance moves. The "mo" in the "te-ka-mo-lo" rule stands for modal, and it answers the question "How?". How is Janusz filming the Video? With pretty strange dance moves. And this... this expression, so this answer to the question "How?", it (takes) the third place. First comes the time, then comes the specification of a reason and then you describe how you're doing something. This modal phrase can consist of several words, like in this example. But it can also just consist of one word, like you (will) see in the following example. The word "quickly" is used there, and here the word "quickly" is this modal adverbial phrase. Janusz, erm, we need to go. Oh, please give me five more minutes. I need to quickly upload my new video. OK, five minutes. But we really need to go. By the way: In this video we're talking about adverbs a lot. You've got to know adverbs such as "quickly", "always", "quite", "at all". And we're talking about how to put them in a sentence in the correct order. But maybe you'd like to actually learn these adverbs, the most important adverbs. And that's something you can do on our partner app Seedlang, for example. Seedlang has a large vocabulary list. Over 10,000 German words and phrases are registered and recorded on Seedlang. Each word has its own video (and) translations into many languages. And on Seedlang you can also learn in a very targeted way, and you can say there: Now I'd like to learn all adjectives or all adverbs from the A1, A2 or B1 sections. And that also helps you to continuously grow your vocabulary. If you'd like to try it out you can download Seedlang for free. The app is available for Android and iOS. You'll find the direct link to it at seedlang.com, and if you like the app there's also a membership with which you can then access all of the content. Due to his newly discovered passion for TikTok, Janusz is currently in the kitchen filming a video with pretty crazy dance moves. Now let's take a look at the last component of the "te-ka-mo-lo" rule, and that's the "lo". "Lo" stands for local, so it answers the question of location. And in this long sentence, which you've just heard again, the location, the question of location, is mentioned right at the end. I say: “Janusz is filming the video in the kitchen." And this location phrase is actually at the end of all of the information. And that's something that you can remember. Here's another example with a location phrase in a sentence. Janusz, where are you? I'm in the kitchen on the laptop. I'm looking through TikTok. Hmm hmm. Let's summarise again. The "te-ka-mo-lo" rule indicates to us in which order certain information is placed in a sentence. So always temporal, the time "ka"... (causal), the reason, "mo", modal, the "How?", and at the end is the location phrase, the local. And now we'll show you another example. If, for example, a verb consists of two different components, for example a conjugated part and and infinitive, or a conjugated part and a participle, then you'll see all of this information in the middle. I mean, firstly you have the conjugated part and (then) the infinitive at the end. And you'll see that now in this example. Oh Cari, TikTok is too stressful. because of the stress over the past week, I desperately need to look for a more relaxed hobby now. Janusz says: "Because of the stress over the past few days, I definitely need to look for a new hobby now." There are a few pieces of information again here, and you'll see exactly this: At the beginning is the conjugated verb "need to", then all of the information, and then at the end there's actually an object, "a new hobby", and the infinitive. So you'll see (that) it always starts directly after the conjugated verb, and then in this order that we've just discussed. The "te-ka-mo-lo" rule is good orientation that you can remember because it basically applies to all possible kinds of sentences. However there is, as always, a small exception. Sometimes you can also put an adverbial phrase or a (similar) expression at the beginning of the sentence. And you do that whenever you'd like to particularly emphasise something. Here, to finish, you'll see an exception like this in an example. Janusz? Where are you? I'm at home. Why? Because of all of the work I can't go out at the moment. In this last example you saw (that) Janusz said: "I'm at home." So you'll see (that) sometimes you can also put these adverbial phrases... Hello! ...at the beginning of a sentence, and whenever you'd like to particularly emphasise something. So that was our video on the "te-ka-mo-lo" rule. We hope you've understood it a bit better now. If you'd now like to practise for yourself how to form these sentences, how to put things in the correct order, then you're welcome to take a look at our interactive exercises! Because Erik, (the) German teacher in (our) team, has prepared some for you again, and you get them when you're a member of Easy German. We'll put the link to our membership page down here for you and, if you'd like to, check it out. Bye and see you soon.

=== SOURCE #41 (ID: uijxxKjEAxY) ===
Today, I'm going to give you a very easy
language hack that'll help you to reset your German sentences. You can use this hack to help you get
around the more complicated German word order for now while you get used to
using the language. So, let's take a look at the kind of complicated German
word order that I'm talking about. Take a look at this sentence.
This word order is definitely different to how we'd say it in English. But, if it seems a little familiar to
you, it's probably because you've seen this word order used before by someone
kind of famous. When you think about this kind of
sentence structure as a form of Yoda speak, it doesn't seem that complicated.
But, never mind all that. We'll talk about
that another time. Today, we're talking about how you can avoid changing up your
word order altogether, and it's very easy. All you have to do is
hesitate. When Germans hesitate in natural
conversations, they essentially reset their sentence from the beginning. You
can do this, too, to avoid the kind of complicated word order that comes with
longer sentences in German. Let's look at that sentence again. This time, we'll add in a hesitation,
which uses a form of well in German, which is
na ja. Look at what happens to the word order
when we do this. And that's all there is to it. You can
use this hack to avoid having to use German Yoda speak while you're a
beginner. For more language hacks, make sure to subscribe, and don't forget to
check out my new language learning courses.
Thanks for watching, and happy language learning.

=== SOURCE #42 (ID: aC1n9O5lBfU) ===
Your German teacher lied to you. They
told you to ask where, when, and was to find the German cases. But that method
is too slow and it falls apart in the real exam. Don't believe me? I [music]
challenge you. Pause this video and try to solve this entire paragraph in under
30 seconds [music] and go. All right, time's up. Did you make it?
If you hesitated or if you had to read the entire [music] text to figure it
out, then you definitely need a better strategy. Today, [music] I will show you
how to solve this exact paragraph in seconds without asking a single
question. Let's get started. Before I share my method, let's quickly
sync up on four German cases with an example. Martin gipped Lisa and Aba.
Generally, nominative is the main character in a sentence. In this case,
Martin is the main character because Martin is the one taking action. He is
nominative. Ausive on the other hand is a thing that is being given, eaten or
used. Actually, it's a thing that is being under some action. It's usually a
thing or a person. And in this case, the app. Why? Because it's the thing that is
being given. And the dative is the receiver of the
direct object. It's usually a person or an animal. Here it's Lisa. She's the one
receiving an apple. And the last is genative. Genative tells who possesses
something. Since the apple is now Lisa's in English, we call it Liisa's apple.
However, in German it becomes apple of a person or the person. So Lisa's apple in
English becomes apple of the Lisa. Their apple there Lisa or if it's Martins
there, there's Martins. Now that we understand cases, let's look
at a typical nightmare fill in the blanks exam scenario. The typical
workflow to solve such question is step one, figure out the articles de of the
nouns. By the way, I have a video on that link is in the description. And
step two, figure out the cases nominative, aquousive, dative, which is
the main topic of this video. And navigate four different tables and
figure out the answer. I hate memorizing tables. That's why I actually use one
single table instead of four. If you want a video on that, comment one table
to rule them all below. If we get thousand comments, I will drop that
video. But for today, let's focus on step two, identifying the case, which I
will show you in two parts. In the first part, I will show you my method and in
the second part, I will show you a memory technique so that you can
remember easily. I have three methods that work 100% of
the time without even asking Wayne or whim.
Method one, prepositions. This is highly underappreciated. Prepositions are your
best friends. They force the case no matter what the rest of the sentence
says. Some are strictly accusative and some are strictly dative. But some
prepositions can be either aquousive or dative. on this. If you see this, stop thinking.
It's always a cusive. And let me show you a paragraph.
Most students panic here. They try to translate every single word. Big no.
Just look at the prepositions with do on.
Just by looking at the sentence, you know it's accusative. And you don't even
have to understand the contents. I see these prepositions and they and these
are accusative. Boom. Done under 30 seconds. Houseer by met
zoo ab are always dative. For example, Tim fed met them farad. I see myth. It's
datative. Done. Big paragraph.
No problem. You look at the prepositions and you know these are dative. Done
under 30 seconds. And these are the tricky ones. They
change based on the context. If there is a movement from point A to B, it's
aquous. And if we are indicating a position, then it's dat. Let's take
proposition in for example. Win gate. Tim. Tim gate in thus Tim walks into the
office. He's crossing the doorway. There's a movement. It's a but
Timbited in bureau. Tim is working inside the
office. He's stationary. He's not moving. It's dive.
I'm just giving you a framework now and not doing a deep dive into propositions.
If you want a deep dive on the proposition, comment deep dive
prepositions and I will do a video on that. But for now, just remember
movement is accusative, position is dative. Method two, verb. If there is no
preposition, look at the verb. And before we even discuss about the verb,
let me give you some interesting facts about verbs, did you know that every
German verb is married to a specific case? That means looking at the verb, we
can figure out the case. For example, you cannot say ish.
It sounds painful. It must be because the verben demands dive. An
average German uses about 1,500 to,600 verbs among which nominative is only
half a percent. And datative is 4.5% and whopping 95% is aquousive. This is good
news. If you are guessing, guess ausative
and like you have already guessed some verbs are aquous and some are dative and
other can be either aquousive or dative. Zin, van, blibben, heisen. These are
acts like an equal sign where the subject is also an object. These are
nominative verbs. Most verb where you do something to an object are acquisative.
For example, essen, trinken, and ruen, suhen, haban. And the dative verbs
usually involve interacting with a person or an animal. For example, hen,
dankan, and graulen for etc. Few verbs can be either tative or aazive or can
take both depending upon the type of object they're associated with. For
example, shenan plus zah means things is always a on the
other hand plus a person is dative. For example,
brief is
motor is dative. Is motor brief. It has both avive and dive.
And of course, I'm only showing few verbs on the screen, but the list is
long. Method three, verbs with prepositions. Some verbs act like a
package deal. They always come with specific preposition. For example, of
his accusative. We are of dusman is dative is fun.
Here also you can use the prepositions. You see f as we already know it's
dative. That is why ishm. And there are bunch more. And I want you
to learn these verbs and prepositions together. They always come together. So
you have to learn them together and that helps a lot in the exam. Trust me, I
know it looks like a lot to remember, but that's why I created a German
grammar cheat sheet and it contains a comprehensive list of prepositions,
verbs, and everything that we have seen today. And you can download it for free
and the link is in the description. And this is the exact list that I used to
score zoots in my B1 exam. Understanding is one thing, remembering it when
examiner is staring at you is another. I use pneumonics to help my brain remember
and recall easily. Let's look at au prepositions for example. I thought to
myself, how the heck do I remember this? And most students uses an acronym dog
food. But this didn't work for me. And after a lot of trial and error, I
developed some kind of rhythm and it goes like this. Do fe g All right. All right. I I'll stop now.
And now the dive. Knock zoo
uber. House met
Uber house uber. Well, you get the hang of it.
These are a bit tricky. Let's arrange them in 3 + 3 grid. And now we go rowby
row. Un half hintter in neighbor uber un for zishian. Un hintter in neighbor uber
for zish. Un in Uber for un
in for just like that you have developed a
memory trick. But even with these memory tricks our brain still forgets. So
repeat repeat these songs in the shower, bathroom, bedroom. Oops, not here
though. I know it sounds silly, but repeating helps your brain to remember
and recall when [music] it needs the most, such as real life conversations
and exams. All right, folks. You now have the exact
framework and memory tricks that I personally used to smash the B1 exam.
Now, it's your turn to a forget to download the free cheat sheet.
[music] Link is in the description. And remember, if you want to stop using four
different grammar tables and just use one, drop the comment one table to rule
them all. If I get enough comments, I will make that video next. And if this
video was helpful, please hit that like button and subscribe for more contents
like this. I will see you in the next video. Chiao.

=== SOURCE #43 (ID: CxSs57hjOsI) ===
What if there was a secret German verb
form nobody ever taught you? A shortcut that lets you avoid tricky
verb changes like ich esse, but du isst. Well, there is at least something close
to that, and today I am letting you in on the secret.
In English, you constantly use forms like I am eating, she is sleeping, we
were watching. German technically does not have this
structure. It uses context or words like gerade to make clear something is
happening at that moment. For example, ich esse gerade. I am eating right now.
But, in spoken German, many people use a
structure that works very similar to the English continuous form.
And that is ich bin am [music] essen. So, literally, I am at the eating.
So, how does it work, and why is it easier to use?
Well, first of all, the structure itself is super, super easy.
>> [music] >> You use sein
plus am plus a nominalized infinitive. So, for
example, ich bin, so the conjugated verb of sein,
am arbeiten. I am working. Ich bin am
arbeiten. Or, as another example, you could also
say sie ist
am >> [music]
>> telefonieren. She's on the phone.
Sie ist am telefonieren. Or, one last example,
wir waren am diskutieren.
Wir waren am diskutieren. So, this time this is in the past tense, sein was
conjugated for the past tense, waren. We were discussing. Wir waren am
diskutieren. Now, the beauty is that you only need to
conjugate the verb sein, whether it's in the present tense or the past tense. And
you probably already know that one very well just because it's such an important
verb. No strong irregular verb changes anymore
like for essen. No surprises with the endings. All you need is sein plus am
and the verb but in the infinitive and with a capital letter because it's
nominalized. It's used as a noun. Super einfach, oder?
And it gets even better because this also works for the past tense. We saw it
in the example earlier. All you need to do is put sein in the imperfect.
To give you another example, we could also say
Wir waren den ganzen Abend am reden. So, we were talking. We're continuously
doing that the whole evening. Wir waren den ganzen Abend am reden.
Or one last example for the past tense, sie waren sehr lange am Aufräumen.
At the moment, this form is only recommended for spoken German and not
for written or formal language. However, it definitely has become a lot
more popular and widely used over the last year. And who really knows in which
way languages develop? Maybe in a few years' time, Duden will officially
recognize the am form even in written and formal language.
But before we finish, I want to show you a very similar form that you might have
come across before and that is actually already fully recognized in the German
language. Ich bin
beim Essen. So, again, literally I am at the eating or
I am eating. But, it uses beim instead of am. So,
what's the difference here? To be fair, there isn't very much of a
difference. I would use am plus the normalized verb to focus on the activity
itself, so on the eating. Or if you would use another verb as an
example, I could also say I am studying right now.
However, if I use beim, then it feels slightly more connected to
the to the event or to the situation or sometimes even to the place itself. So,
if I use arbeiten, I could say that means more like I'm at work,
referring to the place more than me doing some work right at that moment.
Again, the biggest difference right now is probably that while both versions are
constantly used in spoken German, the version with beim is the only one
that's officially recognized and you can use for written [music] and for formal
German. Also, don't forget the shortcut I'm
showing you today does not mean that you don't have to learn and master the
German verb conjugation rules anymore. It is really just a shortcut that works
if you're doing something right now or if you were doing something for some
time in the past. Okay?
Still need to learn your German verbs. Let's finish with two more everyday
examples where am is used quite a lot. I was cooking the whole weekend.
Or are you still traveling?
I hope this week's sneaky German hack was helpful to you.
If you want more in-depth [music] explanations or help with German, then
check out one of these videos here. Also, please post your examples in the
comments and don't forget to hit all the usual buttons.

=== SOURCE #44 (ID: 6EbDkKPVaac) ===
Hi everyone, this is Laura,
your German teacher here at MosaLingua. Welcome back to our series of
German grammar hacks. In this video, I am going to give you some simple
and yet powerful hacks to find the correct sentence order in German.
Let’s go! :) The first thing you should keep in mind whenever
you are constructing a sentence in German: it’s all about the verbs! Nn general,
German sentence structure is pretty flexible compared to many other languages.
But the position of the verbs is usually fixed. So my first hack is:
The conjugated verb always goes in the second position!
This is the case for all affirmative sentences. So let’s look at an example:
“Du gehst heute mit deinen Freunden ins Kino.” The conjugated verb is “gehst.” It is based on the verb “gehen” and
takes the ending “-st” in this case, because the subject is “du.” 
That's the second person singular. Are you ready to get on the German sentence structure rollercoaster? You could change this sentence to:
“Heute gehst du mit deinen Freunden ins Kino.” But also: 
“Mit deinen Freunden gehst du heute ins Kino.” Or: “Ins Kino gehst du heute mit deinen Freunden.” The first word or phrase tells you what the focus of the sentence is. And did you notice? “Gehst” always goes in the
second position – which doesn’t necessarily mean the second word (see the case of “Ins Kino,” which is a common sentence block because it expresses location!) – even though that means that you often place the personal pronoun “du”
behind the verb. This might sound strange at first, but is absolutely normal for native German speakers. Hack #2: If you have two parts of a verb form, the second part goes at the end!
For this hack, I am using a sentence in the “Perfekt” past tense. It is the tense you mostly use
when speaking about events that are finished. You can find all of the details about this tense in another video. For now, let’s concentrate on sentence structure.
Life without coffee is unimaginable, for me at least.
So I'd say: “Ich trinke jeden Morgen Kaffee.” And of course: “Ich habe auch heute morgen Kaffee getrunken.” Did you notice how “ich trinke” becomes
“ich habe … getrunken” in the past? Unlike many other languages, brutal German
splits up the two parts of the verb tense. “Habe” – the conjugated form – goes in the 2nd position, and the other part – “getrunken” goes at the end. This is also the case when you say: 
“Heute morgen habe ich auch Kaffee getrunken,” or “Kaffee habe ich auch heute morgen getrunken.” This applies to all verbs and verb tenses with two parts. If you use a modal verb
plus an infinitive, the separable verbs, the future tense, etc. Hack No. 3: In a a subordinate clause, the conjugated verb goes at the end. A subordinate clause introduces a second action, and therefore
a second verb that complements the main clause. One of the most important contexts is
explaining a reason. You would use the connector “weil.”
Let’s try it out: “Alex kann heute Abend nicht zu meiner Party kommen. Er
schreibt gerade seine Masterarbeit.” Connecting the sentence with “weil,”
you get: “Alex kann heute Abend nicht zu meiner Party kommen, weil er gerade seine
Masterarbeit schreibt.” Interesting! In order to stress that the second sentence
is “only” a subordinate clause, you put the verb – “schreibt” – at the end. The same goes for
when the sentence is in the past: “Alex konnte gestern Abend nicht zu meiner
Party kommen. Er hat seine Masterarbeit geschrieben,” which becomes “Alex konnte gestern
Abend nicht zu meiner Party kommen, weil er seine Masterarbeit geschrieben hat.”
The conjugated form “hat” now has the responsibility of ending the sentence.
Does this rule seem really confusing to you? Good news
– the last hack will simplify your life
when using subordinate clauses! Hack No. 4: Use the power of “Naja …!” This hack will prove especially useful to all beginners who are still struggling with
sentence structure. If you don’t feel confident enough yet to flip around verbs like pancakes, use this hack: the power of “Naja ...!” “Naja” is nothing but a filler
word, usually used when you need some time to think about what you want to say.
That’s exactly what we need. And the good thing is: it restarts
the sentence, so everything will follow the “normal” order.
Let me give you an example. Instead of saying “Ich lerne Deutsch, weil ich die
Sprache so schön finde.” You can simply say: “Ich lerne Deutsch, weil...
naja, ich finde die Sprache so schön!” You see? In the second example, we use
the “normal” structure after the comma: “Ich finde die Sprache so schön!” 
So, don’t use sentence structure as an excuse for not speaking…
As always, this is the most important advice: Start speaking as soon as possible, even though
your sentence structure is not always 100% correct. That’s all for today.
I hope these four hacks will help you see the light at the end of the
tunnel :) Have fun tossing and turning around the different parts
of your German sentences, but please: be gentle with the verbs! :)
Happy learning and see you soon!

=== SOURCE #50 (ID: PYTgxJvsXAk) ===
imagine you are in Germany in a
restaurant and you urgently have to go to the toilet you could either ask the waiter or waitress something like this di to a letter or you could ask in a much better way something like this or imagine you are in a shopping mall
and you ask your friend keep this here in an elf took or again feel better you could ask something like this those questions are so called indirect
frag an indirect questions and in this lesson you will not only learn about
indirect questions but also indirect statements indirect
is everything which is not a question so when to use them and why we use them to
make questions or statements sound more polite especially when you talk to
somebody you don't know and you have to use the Z the formal way to talk to them
the indirect question or statement is the much better choice let's go back to
the scenario in the restaurant you have to go to the toilet and you ask the
waiter who is this is a no-go that's kid nicht this is
not only impolite it's actually a little bit rude but if you add a small word and truly going vo is okay this is perfect question but if you
want to be the rock star of the restaurant and you want to get the
perfect service of all the waiters there then you ask something like this is and this is the perfect way to ask
somebody especially again if you don't know this person they will not only show
you the toilet they will definitely give you a much better service afterwards
so let's go to the first ones questions with a question word for example van direct question example where is the elevator could you please tell me where the elevator is now here we have this vo here in red
which is the question word which stays the same in the direct or indirect
question but important for indirect questions
there you see this comma you have two sentences and the first part is the main
Clause they are help sets and the second part this Volta of took
East is always a nebenzatz a subordinate clause do you know when the department store
closes today or another one you are in the store and
then you ask um how much is the black bag I would like to know what the black bag costs now let's go to yes and no questions and there you see this up and
up is a connection a conjunction wrote keep testus t-shirt or in wood does this t-shirt also come in red in red color or peso indirect kept [Music] each viewed again is I would like to know if you also have
this t-shirt in red in the red color and now here you see this up and this up
in English is this weather or whether or not or if and here as well the first
part in the indirect question is main clause and the second part is
the subordinate clause with important most important the conjugated verb gipped at the end of the sentence can you get a discount today
feel best is may I ask if you get a discount today is this separable verbales verb and is this to try something on for clothes better version indirect advice to opman bikinis
by Stu upman bikinis do you know whether or not they let you try on bikinis do you see there's this Vice too advice to this is when you know somebody for example a friend and this is
informal here for informal when you talk to
friends the direct question is not completely wrong
but again here as well it's much better to use an indirect question even if you
talk to friends now you might ask yourself
um Lucy you used here different phrases in the main class in the first part
which one are the most common ones here you go the most important most common
ones divided by formel and informal do you know although informal Vice too could you please tell me or infamil comes to me a bit desergan you see here this continent is this makes it even more polite tough easy fragen may I ask you informal these are the most important most common
phrases you can use to introduce a indirect statement or question and here
the most important first person phrase system
I don't know I don't know if the food there is good
again listen I would like to know if you would again I would like to know when the German
class starts may I ask how much this costs I'm not sure is I'm not sure if Lisa is also coming
today I've got what's your name I hope you're
not gonna have to use this question so a better one is I forgot when the airplane lands or
arrives and the bonus tip is about punctuation so either a DOT or a
question mark and punct order and frag attack so when the main Clause is a statement then you have to use obviously a punct Dot is and whenever the main Clause is a
question then you obviously have to use a question mark so much question mark forgets I can although
couldn't see me a bit disargan vote East foreign and here easy way to distinguish those
whenever the verb is on the first position of the sentence it's always a
question and if you're not sure about the German sentence structure here is a
short playlist with nine videos which explains you everything you have to know
about how nebenzatz and so on Finland bye bye

=== SOURCE #51 (ID: hq1YpuX31Bw) ===
Do you get confused with German verbs?
You see genression but then suddenly it turns
into is and you are like what's happening?
Don't worry in this video I'm going to show you how German verb conjugation
works and I will also give you a step-by-step simple solution. So let's
get started. So before we start with our actual lesson, let's understand what is
verb conjugation. Conjugation is basically changing the verb depending on
who is doing the action. Let's understand this through a mini story.
Imagine a verb like a piece of clay. You can mold it depending on who you are
talking about. For example, I eat is you eat doist. So as you can see we have
adjusted the verb asen depending on the subject. For example, we said is but in
case of do you say do east is east. Same verb different shapes. That's the whole
meaning of the verb conjugation. And here's an important thing to remember.
In German you must conjugate the verb correctly for the person. like for each
person you have a different conjugated form. So let's continue with part number
two which is meet the six players or known as pronouns in German. The most
important thing is before we can conjugate we must know who we are
talking about and that's why now we are going to take a look on personal
pronouns in German. Okay. So on the left side you can see we have the English
personal pronouns and on the right side we have the German pronouns. So let's
translate each of them. So I is in German is you informally like if you
want to say it to your friends then you say do. Then he, she, it is s in German.
Then we have we is via. Uh you plural like you guys are doing something then
you say yeah. Then finally we have they or you but formally like if you have to
address your boss or any respected person you say you formally but with the
capital S you can see Z. And normal Z you can see with small S it's indicate
they okay they is for Z and U also Z but in case of U you have to use the capital
case. So here's a quick tip. Z but with capital S is formal U. Like if you have
to address your boss or some respected person you say Z but with capital S. On
the other hand Z small S, it means basically they. If you want to say they
are doing something, you say Zahvas. But in this Z you use the small S. So your
task is to memorize this first pronouncer your map before conjugating
any verb. So let's continue with part number three which is regular verb
conjugation. So from this part on we are going to learn how to conjugate at first
the regular verbs then irregular verbs. And this is the base formula for regular
verbs. At first take the verb then remove a n at the end and finally add
the endings. Let's take an example with spillin. Spillin basically means to
play. So on the left side we have the pronouns and on the right side we have
the verb form. Okay. So ishp as you can see you have removed the
a n and then spiel you have spil and then you have to add an ending. Okay.
And for example in case of ish you say spil. For do you say spiel. As you have
noticed spiel remain the same. Okay. You have to just remove the a n and then you
have to add an extra ending. Okay. Then for do you say spiel for s you say
spilled for via spielen for e spilled and for z and z spilling. So as you can
notice spiel remain the same in each of the cases. So spiel spiel spiel but the
ending will change. For example in ispil aspil
vpill and z is and here's the breakdown step by step. Take spill remove a n. So
if you remove the a and then you will have spiel and then add the correct
ending. So as you can see for ish you added a for est for as for via a n for
and for z a n. So this is basically the ending after the spiel. Okay. So take
the verb remove the a n and then add this endings to the regular verbs. Hey,
sorry for interruption, but if you are a beginner and want to pass your German A1
in just 4 weeks, then you can check out my fast track program down below in the
description. Now, let's get back to the video. Now, let's continue with part
number four, which is practice example together life. So, let's practice what
we have just learned verb learning to learn. So, now what you have to do is
you have to conjugate the verb learn for each of the personal pronouns. Okay, at
first I will give you 3 seconds for each and then we'll reveal the answer. Okay,
let's do it. At first, we have the ish pronoun. And how do you conjugate len
for ish? You say is l. Then for do lance. Then we have args land. Then we have
via lenon. Then we have land and
zz len. So these are basically the conjugated form of lenon for each of the
personal pronouns. See you are already conjugating like a German speaker. Now
let's continue with part number five. And here we have to tackle with the main
boss which is the irregular verbs. Irregular verbs are verbs that do not
follow the regular conjugated rules when changing forms. Don't panic. The good
news is most changes only happen in do and LGS forms. Let's see an example of
fagen. Fagen means to drive. So let's see ish far that is the same as the
regular verb. So don't panic. Then you have do fast. In this case you have to
change. You see you don't say do fast you say do fast. You have to change the
entire verb unlike the regular verbs. Then we have as fat. One more time you
have to change the entire verb instead the normal change like we have did in
regular verbs and the rest remain the same via fagen y zz fagen as you can see
only in case of do and lzs you have to change the entire thing and I know
exactly what are you thinking right now you're thinking bro how to identify
which verb is irregular and which verb is regular and how to conjugate them to
answer your question I will show you verb conjugation website so what you can
do is you can just come to this website called
conjugator.reverso.net. You can either write it by yourself or you can find the
link down below in the description. So what you have to do is you have to fill
in the box with the verb you want to search for. And let's say I want to
search for the verb asen. Okay. So after searching for the verb you can see it
gave me the conjugated verb here. So for example for ish you say is do as east
ven zen. So just come to the website, write down your verb and you'll find
your conjugated form. Let's continue with the part number six which is real
life sentences using conjugated verbs. Example sentences at first we have ish
fbal. Ispb that means I play football. You can see we
used okay for in case of ish you say spelle. Then we have two lens two lens
and it means you are learning German. And finally we have a
Berlin that means he's driving to Berlin. Now otherwise if you had is then
you would say is this is the same in regular as well
as in irregular verbs. But as you remember do and s have to change in
irregular verb. So that's why you say and here's a tip for you. Always try
to think in complete sentences not just words. Just like we have did in this
example we don't just say is we used as
is or we don't just say you
say or and by doing this you can memorize it
for a long period of time. So here's a mini recap of the entire lesson super
quick. Learn your pronouns. Don't mess up with that. You have to learn each and
every personal pronouns. Then remove a n and add the correct endings. Watch for
vowel changes in irregular verbs. For example, in case of do and args, we
didn't say do first, we said do fast as fat. So you have to watch for the vowel
changes. Then finally practice, practice and practice. You don't have any
alternative to that. You have to practice as much as you can. Practice
makes the verb stick to your head. So that's it for today. If you enjoyed this
video, please give a thumbs up. And if you're a beginner and want to improve
your German, then you can check out my free crash courses showing on the
screen. And I will see you in the next video. Till then, take care. Bye-bye.

=== SOURCE #53 (ID: 4ALZsFdtUUo) ===
it's a new year and you've decided that
you want to learn German but now you're bombarded with tons of questions how do
you go from zero to fluent where do you start which resources are the best and
which one should you use all of these questions can be incredibly overwhelming
luckily for you I've spent literally half of my life learning German teaching
it to hundreds of students in person and hundreds of thousands online I have
scoured the internet for the best resources and methods for German
Learners I have been reviewing them for years if I were learning German from
scratch this is how I'd do it even if you aren't starting from scratch don't
worry this video is packed with tips and tricks for you as well I guarantee that
by the end of this video you will have learned at least one thing that will
change the way that you learn German for the better if you're looking for
resources to help you along your German Learning Journey I have spent over 10
years reviewing every German resource so that I can get my handson I compiled a
list of the best of the best in a free pdf that you can get at German with
Android .c go there now and download yours for free it's a free German
resources PDF if you download this today you'll also get a bonus of my goal
setting template that will help you get on the right track and stay on it while
learning German so when you're done watching this video go to German with
an.com and download the German resources PDF for free when I leave for a trip I
never step foot out of the house without first making a detailed plan what to
pack an itinerary a list of places to go a list of things to see the list goes on
and on when you start your German Learning Journey the same attention to
detail is necessary for you to reach your goals when I set goals I always
keep in mind the idea of smart goals a goal must be specific I'm going to learn
German so that I can take advantage of Germany's amazing universities with
incredibly low prices I looked up what most universities require and it looks
like I'm going to have to pass the test do with a score of four or five for each
of the four categories listening Reading Writing and and speaking there are other
exams that can get you in but this is the one that is most convenient for me
as it is available at my local Goa Institute several times a year the
bottom line is that I need to reach at least B2 in order to get into a German
University and I have to prove that skill level with an accepted exam
certificate this means my goal meets the second part of the smart goal format
which is measurable I can tell where I am based on the practice tests that are
available for test doth website and the other online tests that can assess your
German skills the letters A and R in smart goals stands for achievable and
realistic respectively those parts depend on how I answer the last part so
I'll skip them for now the last letter is T for timely a goal without a
deadline is just a dream so to change your dream into reality you need to give
yourself a deadline ideally you would actually set up multiple deadlines along
the way I'm going to master A1 in about a month this is both achievable and
realistic it will probably take me a few months to pass the A2 level B1 and B2
are known as the intermediate Plateau because there is so much information to
cover that it feels like you're just kind of spinning your wheels this will
likely take about nine months if I study for a couple of hours each day my smart
goal then is I will pass the test off with a score of four or higher in all
categories by this time next year it is specific measurable achievable realistic
and a timely goal if you want a deeper look into smart goals and how to apply
them to your German learning check out the video that I made last year which is
linked in the description now that I have my heading I can make a map to
leave me there in order to pass this exam I need to be well-rounded in my
German skills I have to be able to listen and read in German which are
usually the easy parts for language learners but I also have to be able to
write and speak which are quite a bit more difficult this means that I'll have
to practice all four of these areas throughout my German learning for
listening I'm mostly going to rely on YouTube I have a list of my
recommendations for German learning YouTube channels Linked In the the
description but I would start with the best of the best easy German y'all
probably thought I was going to name my own channel here but I am neither naive
nor arrogant enough to think that I could top easy German for listening
comprehension content they do Street interviews with German native speakers
and talk about a huge range of topics they also have playlists for every level
from A1 to C2 now where I will plug my own channel is my three-hour long video
that covers everything you need to know for the A1 level it covers vocabulary
and speaking along with a ton of the basics of grammar let's be honest that's
how most of you found me before you started watching this video it's by far
my most popular video on the channel watching a YouTube video however is not
enough to really learn the content you need to practice it too that's why I
created my do L Club it grants you access to the curriculum outlined in my
A1 beginner German video and the curriculum in my A2 Elementary video
then every lesson comes with bonus materials that you can't find anywhere
else Online extra video lessons practice exercises worksheets with answer keys
MP3 downloads and a whole lot more I've also been working on a B1 course which
is why a lot of the most recent content on this channel has been aimed at that
level those lessons are also available as part of the deuts L Club in fact
extra materials are available for every lesson that I've created on this channel
since December of 2022 long story short if I were starting to learn German over
again the deuts Lana club would definitely be part of my German learning
regimen I would set the goal of completing at least one lesson per day
and in some cases I would even finish an entire section of the course in one day
this would allow me to finish the entire A1 course in about a month and the A2
course in about 3 months if you want to learn more about the deut lant club I
have a link you guessed it in the description down below while the deut
Lana club would help me out with the reading and writing portions of the
language learning process it would probably still be a good idea to
supplement with other materials somewhere else link is a great website
for that kind of thing it combines reading and listening in an interactive
way that can really help you to boost your skills they have a curricula that
you can follow for the various levels of German learning too if I could choose
one additional website to use in addition to my deuts L Club I would
choose link I've added an affiliate link to the description if you want to use
that and help support the channel along the way there's also a free trial if you
want to try that before committing to the premium version so I have listening
reading and writing covered on the YouTube end and the deut L clob and the
link but how can I practice speaking there a few options actually a lame but
effective version is just talking to yourself read everything out loud in
German have mock conversations with yourself when you're bored try to
translate conversations that you had with co-workers throughout the day into
German all of these are great ways to practice but they're also great ways to
solidify errors if I keep making the same error but I don't know that I'm
making an error it will make my brain think that the error is correct I need a
source of feedback there are many options available for that when I was
studying German at the University level the one thing that advanced my German
speaking skills more than anything else wassh every week several students some
professors from the University and a few community members would get together and
speak German with one another if an error was made sometimes the professors
would correct us but for the most part we focused on communicating we talked
about everything from the weather to politics of the day and even what's up
with that new construction on campus there is no better place to practice
German than a local stom Tish look for a German program at a local University if
they offer German at that University they likely offer atish and even invite
the public to participate which means you don't have to pay the exorbitant
amount that an American University costs nowadays but you still get the best part
astish there are also lots of community-led shamsha which you can look
up on meetup.com or simply just Google it some of those are virtual so you can
join from anywhere in the country or even not in this country if you prefer a
digital option you might look into something like tandem or my language
exchange I also did a review of a company called deuts gy a while back
they are awesome you can do daily chats at your level with other German Learners
led by a German native speaker they also cover almost all of the levels and meet
pretty much every day so they are definitely worth checking out I have
another affiliate Link in the description for that site if you want to
help out this channel while improving your German speaking skills now that I
have the what that I'm going to use in order to master the German language so
that I can study at a German University I need to map out the how part of this I
already said that it isn't enough to Simply watch a YouTube video unless you
have identic memory you're not going to retain everything that you see just from
watching it let's say I'm starting with a lesson from one of the easy German
YouTube playlists during each session I will listen and pause the video and
repeat everything that is said in the video this is pretty convenient because
there are also subtitles in German and in English at the bottom of the screen
so I can just read what they said I will take notes along the way too I would do
the same if I were doing the three-hour along a one course video that I have on
YouTube or whatever other lessons you are doing on the deut Lano Club watch
the video pause it often repeat what is said take notes practice with your
friends on the stam Tish or the deuts gym or both complete the practice
exercises in the deut Lana Club check your work with the video explaining the
exercise only available in the deuts L club and not on YouTube day in and day
out this is what I do keep chugging along like this until I have mastered
the A2 level in less than 4 months now I personally get bored pretty easily so
after a while this process is going to grow tiresome I'll need something to
keep my German learning fresh I like reading so I would probably pick up
Angelica bones book NAA nun which is written with A1 Learners in mind I'll
also download a copy of the audiobook so that I can hear proper pronunciation of
the words as I read along with the paper copy of the book in addition to all of
that I would go to Angelica bones website and download the extra materials
to go with this book I would start alternating between the deut Club
lessons the easy German videos and the NBAA book on book reading days I would
read along with the audiobook for a full chapter then complete the comprehension
questions and check my answers with the answer key I would also keep a list of
helpful vocabulary and phrasing notes which I would add to a stack of flash
cards preferably physical flash cards the reason for my love of physical flash
cards is explained in another video which is also linked in the description
but the bottom line is that you can remember information better from
physical flashcards there are 10 chapters in N NOA so after 2 weeks I
should be done with all of that and I can move on to the next book in the
series I would move on to De which is meant for German Learners
between the A1 and A2 Levels by the time that I completed this book I would
expect to be done with the entire A1 and A2 levels of the deuts L Club you can
find my links to reviews of several of Angelica bones books in the description
they are definitely worth reading I also have affiliate links to the Amazon pages
for all of her books along with other recommendations for German language
learning reading materials Linked In the description if you're interested in more
suggestions and helping out the Channel with some affiliate Revenue I could
continue reading books by angala through the B1 and B2 levels but once I get past
the A2 level it's time to switch into hyperdrive the B1 level is often called
the intermediate Plateau that's because there is so much information at this
level that it seems like you aren't making any progress in order to
facilitate the sheer amount of information at this level I will need to
get a lot of input this means reading a lot of books and watching or listening
to a lot of content in German I'll start the dino L dut series by Andre kleene
which starts simple and then gets more difficult as you get to the later books
these books are available as paperback books as well as audio books which again
I would use both so that I can read along while listening to the proper
pronunciation I would watch German shows like Babalon Bellin
tat or tribes of Europa I would watch a German movie every single night
everything from German cartoon films like hu and L Kaa to dramas like and
literally every film I could find I would watch in German I would stop
consuming content of any kind in my native language once I start the B1
level everything that I do from sun up to sun down will be in German I would
find a German podcast to listen to not a podcast for German learners but a
podcast in German about topics of interest to me it could be news or one
of those murder mystery things or even a podcast that discusses the latest DC
Comics and movies the only real requirement here is that it is
authentically made for German native speakers and it is something that I can
casually listen to on my way to work or wherever it is that I'm going that day
or whenever I'm doing relatively mindless tasks like cooking or doing the
dishes or chasing chickens to improve my speed like Rocky I linked a website in
the description where you can find a ton of German podcasts I would watch watch
the news in German via something like tagasa or some of these YouTube channels
for German news organizations all of which are linked in that PDF that I
mentioned at the beginning of the video I would read the news in German as well
there are recommendations for websites for that Linked In the description I
would watch TV shows in German whatever streaming service that you subscribe to
definitely has a German option you just have to dig through the settings to find
out how to turn on the German dubbed versions of things you can also use one
of the main German TV stations websites they have TV shows in German that you
can stream there for free if I'm not passively listening to German content
via music or a podcast or something like that I would pause whatever it is very
often take notes and practice saying what they say and then continue on with
the video movie or show while doing all of these things I can't forget that my
main goal in all of this German learning was to pass the test off with a score of
four or higher in every category in order to do this I'm going to have to
take some practice exams at some point there are several available on the test
off's website and as well as on Amazon and other platforms I would test my
skills about once a week with a different test I would start with an
example from the test off's website and familiarize myself with the test format
I would read all of the tips and tricks that are on their website which are all
in German so it's accomplishing two goals at the same time I'm doing
research into the test that I want to pass while also immersing myself in the
German language every other week I would try a different online test take the
good to institute's free online assessment try the ESL website's online
test there's also a website called test your language that will allow you to
test your language there are literally dozens of websites that offers some sort
of semi-formal test alternate between an example test off exam with the exact
format that you will need in order to pass the exam and a different style of
assessment this will help you get a variety of opinions about your German
skills and whether or not you are actually ready to take the next step
after about 6 months of German learning and all of the other things that I've
outlined take the test off I prefer the paper version version but there is a
digital version available I know it's going to set you back some money and
you're very unlikely to pass it with the score that you need but taking this exam
is the best way to prepare for this exam I know it sounds kind of
counterintuitive but trust me it's true you don't really know what this exam is
going to be like until you have taken it test off allows you to take the exam as
many times as you like without any penalty whatsoever the paper version of
this test is not offered at every go to Institute location very often if you
search on the test st's website you'll find that it's about every six months or
so this means that you should sign up for the one that is closest to you and
then just see how you do then sign up for the next one after you've spent a
few more months learning German and taking practice exams once you have
passed the exam it's time to apply to that German University which is a whole
other Beast that I can't fit into this video I mentioned a ton of resources
throughout this video so if you want to get a comprehensive list more detailed
than what I have in the description down below go to my website and download that
PDF version for free it's the low low cost of signing up for my email
newsletter if you're looking for more German learning tips I have a playlist
right over here for that if you want to join the club that I mentioned several
times throughout this video click over here cheese

=== SOURCE #54 (ID: aqLM9utTYCo) ===
Hello everyone and welcome to learn
German. In this video, we'll talk about seven common mistakes that all German
learners make and almost everyone makes mistakes when learning German. Here's
how to avoid them and learn smarter. Here's the first
one. Translating word for word. Trying to translate every sentence
word for word. German and English have different word orders, especially with
verbs. For example, I have eaten already is
wrong. My tip, learn full phrases or sentence patterns, not just words. Second mistake, skipping noun
genders. Ignoring noun genders. The thus articles are not optional. They are
crucial in German grammar. Always learn the article with the noun. Third mistake, avoiding speaking. When
you're only focusing on grammar and never
speaking. Many learners wait until they are ready, but no one ever feels fully
ready. Speak early and often, even to yourself. Mistakes are a part of
learning. Don't let fear stop progress. Fourth mistake, ignoring pronunciation
and skipping pronunciation practice. German has sounds that don't exist in
English. Mish, heta, uba, bza, words which have sh orl. Imitate native speakers. Record
yourself. Practice with minimal pairs. Don't make a long list of words. Just a
few should be enough to practice. Mistake number
five, learning vocab without context. When you're memorizing word lists with
no context, you're making a mistake. Isolated words don't stick. Learn
through themes, sentences, real life situations. For
example, instead of just drinking, learn instead of
just learn to instead of
just learn jazz music. Mistake six, not reviewing
regularly. Do you also make this mistake? Learning once and never coming
back to it. Without review, even well-learned material fades. Quick
quizzes, flashcards, or short rewatch sessions work
wonders. My tip, use spaced repetition, or regular mini reviews. Mistake seven, comparing progress to
others. Feeling behind because someone else learns faster. Everyone has a
different pace. Comparing leads to stress, not
success. Focus on your own journey. Even 5 minutes a day adds
up. Even 5 minutes a day add up. Celebrate progress, not perfection.
Remember, mistakes are a part of the journey. And now you know how to avoid
them. Got another mistake you've made or seen? Share it in the comments. By the way, if you're serious
about learning German, don't forget we offer completely free and well
structured courses for beginners and intermediate learners. You can learn at
your own pace, access plenty of materials, and join a community of real
success stories. Just check out the links below and start your journey
today. See you in the next lesson, and happy
learning. Tanga, thanks for watching this video. If you liked this video, do
give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends. Don't forget to subscribe
to the channel if you still haven't. You can click on the bell to receive
notifications whenever we upload a new video. If you have any comments or
questions, you can leave them in the comment section below. Choose our fetus

=== SOURCE #55 (ID: Iwo13K8PhiE) ===
hello de Lana do you ever feel like
you're hitting a language learning block whenever you're trying to read in German
imagine this a flow of a good story is interrupted by the stumbling block of
unfamiliar words you spend more time in the dictionary than you do immersed in
the story you try to just power through but it makes no sense so you end up just
giving up on trying to read a book in German and you miss out on one of the
best ways to expand your vocabulary well fear not today we are diving into the
art of efficient reading for German Learners it's time to break through
those language barriers and enhance your reading experience ready to discover the
secrets to fluent reading without getting Lost in Translation Los Gates
problem number one stopping too much don't stop for every single word that
you don't know if you don't understand a word just keep going kind of try and
power through it a little bit and usually you'll figure it out based on
some context sometimes Clarity comes from just soldiering on if you
overanalyze every little thing you're going to end up just spending too much
time in the dictionary and not enough time in the story problem number two
overlooking or underestimating the power of cognates don't overlook or
underestimate the power of cognates in German if that word looks pretty similar
to what it is in your native language or man that looks like a word that I
already know it probably is take the German word Betha for example the word
in English is better these two are not perfect cognates to each other but if
you say them back to back fast enough eventually they sound pretty similar
Bessa better Bessa better Bessa better you get the idea here problem number
three not preading is there a vocab list that is provided by the author either at
the end of the chapter end of the page or at the end of the book well read
through that before you read the chapter if you familiarize yourself with this
list before you actually get started into the chapter your brain will
automatically already know those words when you come across them within the
context of the story it'll also help you to solidify the them in your brain so
that you actually remember the vocab when it's time for you to use it on your
own if you don't have a vocab list that is provided to you start with the back
of the book and you might be able to make up one of your own if you have one
of those books that says on the back of it that it's about this kind of a story
or this kind of category of thing or these are the places they're going to go
you can just look up those words that you'll probably need for those things if
you're looking for book recommendations there are plenty of videos Linked In the
description where I review various books that are for German Learners there's
also an Amazon affiliate page link down in the description so if you want to
check that out you can just browse around all of the recommendations that
I've given for German Learners just don't forget that you aren't just
getting awesome German learning resources when you use those links
you're also helping to support this channel by sending me a small commission
with no additional cost to you now for a bonus tip use the book to build your
vocabulary but don't let that process slow you down simply underline the words
that you come across that you don't know as you're reading don't go and look them
up right that second but just underline them while you're reading through the
chapter then once you're done with that chapter or that page or whatever your
goal for the day is whenever you get to the end of that section then go back
through the chapter and see what words you underlined come back and make a list
out of those things then you can go and look up the translations for each of
them once you have a list with the translations next to them you can reread
the chapter or the page or the section that you are working on this will help
boost not only your comprehension of the story but also your retention of new
words that you didn't know before and there you have it deut l now you're
equipped with the tools to transform your German reading sessions into a
smooth journey of comprehension remember it's not about understanding every
single word but grasping the essence of the story embrace the power of cognates
utilize the pre-reading strategies that I gave you in this video and don't
forget about the bonus tip for building your vocabulary without slowing down
your reading Pace happy reading and bisb cheese

=== SOURCE #56 (ID: 0G_qnF2rx20) ===
He sends an email to his colleague. He sends an email to his colleague. She makes an appointment with the doctor. She makes an appointment with the doctor. I'm learning new vocabulary for the test. I'm learning new vocabulary for the test. We discuss the problem in the meeting. We discuss the problem in the meeting. I'm finishing the project this week. I'm finishing the project this week. We visit our grandparents for Christmas. We visit our grandparents for Christmas. He runs a lap in the park every morning. He runs a lap in the park every morning. She explains her homework to her brother. She explains her homework to her brother. I'm waiting for the bus at the stop. I'm waiting for the bus at the stop. We'll meet in the park at 5 p.m. We'll meet in the park at 5 p.m. He sleeps until 11 a.m. on weekends. He sleeps until 11 a.m. on weekends. I still get milk and bread from the supermarket. I still get milk and bread from the supermarket. We take the bus to work. We take the bus to work. He likes to drink coffee in the morning. He likes to drink coffee in the morning. I go to the gym every day. I go to the gym every day. We're cooking spaghetti tonight. We're cooking spaghetti tonight. He speaks three languages ​​fluently. He speaks three languages ​​fluently. She visits her friend who is sick. She visits her friend who is sick. We pay the bill after dinner. We pay the bill after dinner. I order a book from the online shop. I order a book from the online shop. We visit the museum on Sunday. We visit the museum on Sunday. He reads the news online every morning. He reads the news online every morning. She is looking for a new job. She is looking for a new job. I use my laptop for work. I use my laptop for work. We divide the tasks fairly. We divide the tasks fairly. I read my child a story every evening. I read my child a story every evening. He translates the text into English. He translates the text into English. He runs in the park every morning. He runs in the park every morning. We're going to the cinema. We're going to the cinema. I'm going home. I'm going home. He pulls the heavy suitcase. He pulls the heavy suitcase. The car drives into the garage. The car drives into the garage. We go to the cinema together. We go to the cinema together. I return home in the evening. I return home in the evening. I go to school. I go to school. The plane will take off in a few minutes. The plane will take off in a few minutes. He's heading south. He's heading south. We walk through the forest. We walk through the forest. I'm returning home. I'm returning home. The plane takes off from the airport. The plane takes off from the airport. They walk along the street. They walk along the street. The child runs into the kitchen. The child runs into the kitchen. He comes through the forest. He comes through the forest. The train pulls out of the station. The train pulls out of the station. The bike is in front of the house. The bike is in front of the house. I'm coming straight from the store. I'm coming straight from the store. He walks down the street. He walks down the street. We get on the bus. We get on the bus. We walk along the river. We walk along the river. I quickly run to the train station. I quickly run to the train station. I go down the stairs. I go down the stairs. We take the train to Hamburg. We take the train to Hamburg.

=== SOURCE #57 (ID: 2-VUOiLbuQg) ===
in this video I'll cover 11 tips for
learning German quickly German has a reputation of being a hard language to
learn so if you want to master it definitely make use of these tips but
before we begin I want to let you know that this video is just a quick overview
of the full article on ling.com blog so you can check it out by clicking the
link in the description below to stay motivated while learning German from
scratch set achievable goals instead of focusing on just learning words set
goals like ordering a meal or having a conversation about something easy in
German to learn German efficiently start by identifying the most common basic
words such as verbs like be have want and go learning the rules of basic
German grammar including modal verbs like can must and might is essential
look at lists of the 500 most commonly used words and if you're learning
business German focus on industry specific vocabulary to improve your
vocabulary learning try studying meaningful phrases instead of single
words for instance when you learn the word train in German which is learn how
to say by train which is M so you can use the word in context if you're
learning verbs you can take it a step further and memorize whole phrases that
you can modify for example with can in German which is Kel learn I can play the
piano and eventually replace play the piano with speak German then you can
say some people think that learning German is boring but if you find ways to
make it interesting it can be really fun you could listen to German music or if
you like cooking why not try writing your shopping list and cooking a recipe
in German whatever you like doing you can try doing it in German did you know
that watching YouTube videos in German can be an effective way to learn the
language you can start with English subtitles and then move on to German
subtitles when you're ready trying something new can be scary but the best
way to learn German quickly is to do things that make us nervous for most
people this means speaking if you are in jur ger you could simply go to a cafe
and order in German the first step is not about doing it perfectly it's just
about doing it to improve your language skills practice speaking with Native
German speakers join groups on social media or language exchange platforms
talking to native speakers will help you learn new words and phrases and improve
your language skills if you want to learn basic German quickly and fit it
into your busy schedule consider joining an online class you'll have a teacher to
help you and a plan to follow to make sure you're making progress you can
choose when and where to do your lessons so you can take some German classes
every week no matter how busy you are this is also safe place to practice
speaking lingoda offers classes like that so go ahead and visit our website
at ling.com if you're interested another way to learn German fast is to immerse
yourself in the language as much as possible you can change your phone's
language to German listen to German radio stations and label things in your
home with their German words by exposing yourself to German regularly you will
learn much faster think about joining a really focused German class if you like
learning online you could try the lingoda language Sprint these classes
usually teach you about grammar words and how to practice talking this helps
you learn new words fast and really understand the language making mistakes
is really important when you're learning a language understand that it's normal
to make mistakes instead of being scared of mistakes see them as chances to learn
whether you say words wrong mess up grammar or have trouble understanding
you will be sure to remember remember how to do it right the next time it's
all part of the process so whether you're just beginning or working on what
you already know it's important to try lots of different ways to learn if
you're interested in learning about the German language and culture check out
ling.com blog they are currently offering a free trial just click the
link in the description below to get started thanks for watching

=== SOURCE #58 (ID: 6mHpknsUF4c) ===
your New Year's resolution is to learn German so you went out and you subscribe to every German Learning Channel you can find you open to duolingo account or dusted off an old one you searched
online for how to teach yourself a language and you still aren't terribly confident that you can accomplish your goals if this sounds like you then you need to watch this video I'll tell you how to get the most out of your German learning this year number one there is no all-in-one option you can't just subscribe to this channel or that channel or any other channel for
that matter and think that you are going to become fluent from watching those videos doing just one thing no matter what that one thing is will never make you fluent language learning is a multi-faceted thing watching videos will
help your receptive understanding definitely your listening comprehension and maybe your reading comprehension depending on the kind of videos you're watching but if you're looking for a way to improve your writing skills by watching a YouTube video you are going to be disappointed writing skills are improved by writing in order to do that you need to read a lot which increases your reading skills improving your speaking skills is only done by speaking even if you have to talk to yourself you can't improve your speaking skills without speaking period if you only do one of these actions you will never be fluent you need all four aspects of language learning in order to be
considered fluent reading writing listening speaking skip one of those and prepare yourself for your inevitable failure you wouldn't skip leg day at the
gym don't skip writing day when learning German number two consistency is key every language learning tip video you will ever see says that you need to be
consistently practicing your language skills or you will regress while I know
everyone else who is giving you tips about language learning is telling you
this the importance of consistency cannot be understated take a week off from your language learning regimen and expect your language skills to fall two weeks backwards set aside time every day to study German if you can't do it every
day try every other day anything longer than a stretch of every other day is too much you'll take one step forward and a half a step back it'll take you ages to be fluent that way number three most apps are useless it's time someone told you duolingo is not a language learning program duolingo is a waste of time unless you are supplementing it properly with other materials so is literally every other app you will ever find I don't care if the Internet is toting it as the next big thing or what the military is using or the FBI uses to train spies the truth of the matter is that none of them will ever make you fluent apps are okay for reviewing they're okay for passing the
time between bus stops they're okay for reminding you of the things that you've already learned but if you think they're gonna do anything more than that you are in for a rude awakening even the 2018 app of the Year drops is woefully unprepared to help you learn a language you need more than just an app to learn a language number four you will not always be entertained one of the most prevailing comments on
some of my videos is that they're boring or lame I usually acknowledge this fact to the commenter you're correct this video is boring but I'm not here to entertain you I am here to educate you education isn't always glamorous or flashy er entertaining grammar is boring but if you don't learn it you is going to sound like you know is talking with good words and stuff while the entertainment factor is definitely necessary to help you stay motivated and keep you on your toes by learning a language it is not going to be able to teach you everything you need to know the goal is to limit your boredom while learning I would recommend no less than an 8020 entertainment to boredom ratio at least once or twice a week you should be bored but these will also be your most enlightening days of your language learning take these spaces of boredom to give you something to look for in your next entertaining lesson day learn a
grammar topic on a boring day and look for examples of that grammar topic when
you go back to the entertaining things the goal ratio of entertainment to boredom in my opinion should be about 50/50 spend about half of your time reminding yourself why you are learning the language was something entertaining but still educational and the half of the time you should be spending being serious about your language learning number five no what you need to
know before you learn it isn't enough just to learn a language without a goal
in mind you'll just wander aimlessly around the language learning forums on reddit and never actually progress forward why are you learning German what is the end goal are you looking to travel to Germany you need to learn how to order food how to buy things how to interact with people how to get directions and other everyday necessities are you planning on staying
there for a prolonged period of time you need to know how to get an apartment
how does make sure that your visa won't expire while you're there how to get a job how to pay taxes without knowing these goals ahead of time you won't know which direction to point you're learning learning without a goal is like driving without a destination you get distracted by something shining you forgot about the things that you were supposed to be learning before start with the end in
mind and make every step that you take a step in the direction of that goal number six start with these YouTube channels if you're looking for the best YouTube channels to help you get started learning German i've already compiled my list of my personal favorites but there are a couple of channels that have become popular since i made that video so i'll give you a quick rundown of the ones that i would recommend to you today i always recommend that anyone starting to learn german should start with katya from deutsche feel like her videos start
with the very basics and go all the way up to some very complicated grammar topics start with her very first video and start working your way forward she has one of the best sequential series for German learners learn German with Jenny is great if you're looking for a lesson on a particular topic you can't really start with one video and watch a playlist that will take you to a certain level but her lessons are so good they're definitely worth taking a look at another channel that is great for specific topical lessons is learn German with Anya if you can't find a lesson on Jenny's channel you'll find it on Anya's if you can't find one on Anya's try Jenny's by far the best channel for listening comprehension is easy German they do interviews with native speakers
on the streets of Germany if you need vocabulary on a particular topic this is one of the best places to find it take notes while you're watching their videos and you will be well on your way to learning German like a pro the most
underrated channel on YouTube is vlog Dave he has great German lessons and is definitely worth checking out the most notable exclusion from my list in my original series is Deutsch MIT Mejia she has a huge library of videos about various grammar and vocabulary
topics what I find particularly helpful are her videos designed to help you pass a German proficiency exam they are the best videos about German test preparation that I have seen on YouTube if you're planning on taking a German proficiency exam you need to watch her videos number seven supplement your
learning properly I mentioned this briefly in one of the other tips but this is the part that I think a lot of people overlook you can't just watch videos you need to use these videos to their fullest potential I'll use the videos in my channel for example because I'm most familiar with the extra
materials that I make every video that I upload is meant to teach you a specific lesson if you watch the video and do nothing else you'll forget almost everything I said in the video my recommendation would be to make each video last an hour I don't mean that you should be watching every video on loop until you reach an hour that would be awful watch the video and pause it a lot take notes as you're watching write down everything that you think might be important the act of writing things down will help solidify the information in
your brain organize the vocabulary that I teach you in the video so you can memorize it later sort the nouns by gender and the verbs by context read the script that I post on patreon use this as a guide for your notes you can also use it to avoid pausing and watching the video all the time download the worksheet from patreon try to complete the tasks in the worksheet after you have finished your notes download the answer key to the worksheet and check your work take notes of your errors find out why you were mistaken and find a way so you can not make that mistake in the future try to write a few sentences using the knowledge that you already have and the new knowledge that you gain from the video use these sentences to practice your speaking make your sentences into a conversation read both parts of the conversation out loud read back through your notes before you start your next lesson rewrite your notes from the previous lesson and try to organize it better than it was before the other YouTube channels I mentioned before have similar materials that can help you supplement their videos and really get the most out of them while I would appreciated if you supported my work on patreon you should definitely consider supporting some of their work as well not only do they deserve it but their materials are just as good if not better
than mine number eight buy some books you need something that can act as a guide to show you what to learn and win while you
can find something like this online it's very difficult to see what is good advice and what is not you need at least two books one grammar book and one overall German learning book the overall learning book will help you keep on task and keep you going towards your overall goals the grammar book will help you take a deeper dive when you eventually come across something that you don't understand trust me this will happen eventually I have some recommendations which you can find linked in the description but my personal favorites are these German demystified is a great overall German learning book it covers
the grammar and vocabulary that you would need and it includes exercises for you to practice on your own it also takes an entertaining approach and makes
the boring stuff a little bit more interesting German in review is a bit of
an older German grammar book but its depth and thoroughness keep it at the
top of my list for German grammar books it's a bit more expensive than other books but in my opinion the extra cost is worth it it will not entertain you but it's one of the best resources I have ever used it was actually one of the textbooks that I had to use at the University 1001 pitfalls in German is a
close second it's much more affordable and takes the approach of these are the things you're going to mess up here's how to avoid it I like the way that the book is written but it's less of a grammar book to read from cover to cover and more of a reference book to help you when you're stuck on something it also
isn't as in-depth as German and review honorable mention goes to mastering German vocabulary a thematic approach is a unique twist on a traditional German dictionary it breaks down vocabulary into various categories and gives you a
list of words that you should know in each of those categories they also give
you examples of how to use the vocabulary in real sentences if you're
looking for a free alternative you should also check out Ling Li you can look up words like any other dictionary but then it also shows you examples of how it's used and then also how it's being used around the web so that's my list of tips to help you make the most out of your German learning this new year what do you think that I nail it did I forget something did I make a mistake let me know what your tips would be in the comments below or which of these tips did you find most helpful das dollars for Heitor bassoon accent mal Cheers [Music] [Music]

=== SOURCE #59 (ID: pKkyufapbAA) ===
by now you are acutely aware that you
can learn german on youtube there's obviously my channel in addition
to a ton of other fantastic channels but did you also know that you can learn
german on instagram stop scrolling through the endless sea
of fake influencers bots and random memes and start using
your instagram account for something good
learning german today i will highlight some of the best
instagram accounts to follow to learn german every single day
and what they offer to german learners let me preface this by saying that these
are not in any particular order in fact i purposefully randomized them
before i started writing out my script so that i didn't show one is my favorite
and this one i don't like as much these are all wonderful instagram pages
and i personally follow all of them i would encourage you to do the same now
with that out of the way let's get into the list before we get
into any actual pages that you should follow
my biggest and best recommendation would actually be to follow some hashtags
if you didn't already know you can do this simply by searching for a hashtag
such as learn german and then tap on follow now
when someone or anyone for that matter posts about the
hashtag learngerman you will see that in your feed
provided of course it doesn't get buried below all of the memes and other things
i mentioned i would recommend following these
hashtags learn german deutschlanden german language german
course deutsche and deutsch unterget first up
is aina tuta deutsch which in english would be like
a cone of german as in ashututa the thing that is the giant cone that
germans get on their first day of first grade that's filled with
like school supplies and candy and small toys this page is run by a wonderful
woman named kim she alternates between static graphics
with voice over which explains small grammar topics or vocabulary
lessons and then videos of herself talking which include german subtitles
often these two styles are kind of combined
in multi-image or multi-video posts she usually posts every other day or so
so check out her page at inatuta deutsch another great page with some cute
graphics is germanium this page is run by leah many of her
posts are around a single word or a concept
and then they show a variety of examples for example this is her post about
sein which shows how to conjugate it in the presence
preteritum perfect plus vom she then encourages you to comment the
use of that word in some sort of form she is very active in the comments
section of her posts so it is a great way for you to practice
in addition to just having the input from her posts her handle is
gammanium underscore online as this next handle and name implies
learn german vocabulary at the instagram handle german simplify
is simple and about vocabulary they post a single word in german and in english
along with what part of speech it is then there is also audio so you know how
to pronounce it then in the text portion of the post
you'll find an example sentence in german
and in english like i said this page is simple
it's a great way to expand your german vocabulary a little at a time
they have over a thousand posts so you have some catching up to do
and a lot of vocabulary to learn hello my name is robert from deutsche training
on my instagram page you can find micro learning units
about german words grammar and pronunciation
i hope you find it useful to improve your german see you soon
tris bisbelt on this next page you will find
a huge variety of posts to generalize what goes on on this page is a bit
difficult robert said it best in his intro he does
micro lessons sometimes this means that he breaks down
a quote showing the full quote first then individual vocabulary that you need
to understand the quote and then other little bits and pieces to
go along with that he posts short quizzes which include
audio to hear the questions as well as see them
the answers to these questions are in the text portion of the posts
they're a post about vocabulary which is specific to a certain situation
there are also other posts about famous places in germany which include trivia
questions seriously the amount of variety on this
page is definitely something that stands out
it has something for everyone his handle is deutsch.training
another great page for learning german vocabulary is days of deutsch
they simply post images with a piece of paper on which it says some german
vocabulary word the text for each post gives a little
bit more context for each vocabulary word
their website daysofdeuch.com is also pretty cool
so when you're done exploring their instagram page at days of deutsch
check out their website as well another simple but helpful page is
fizznik deutsch most recently he shared sentences with audio and english
translations these are on a variety of topics and
levels older posts include german grammar lessons
word of the day posts and more his stories often include multiple choice
questions about german language german grammar
sentence structure and so on check him out at physnik.com one of the biggest names in terms of
followers on instagram is deutsche benjamin his regular posts
include pronunciation tips like the small difference between
gezicht and geshechte he goes into great detail in those videos and they are
super helpful where his page really shines though is
in his stories they include multiple choice questions
that can help you practice german skills the level at which these questions are
targeted vary from post to post but they generally tie back into his regular post
on his feed he also has a youtube channel now which
includes one of my favorite german lessons
of all of the videos on all of the channels out there
including my own his video about listening to quickly spoken german
and the analysis of a single sentence is phenomenal
he breaks down the emphasis of certain words or parts of words
the dropping of letters or syllables at the end of words and the slurring of one
word into another it is the best 23 minutes
of german learning you will spend period full stop i seriously cannot
express how much i love that video anyway if you
want to follow him on instagram you can find him at deutsch underscore
mit underscore benjamin or on youtube via the link in the description
or just search for deutsche mit benjamin speaking of youtubers you are probably
following several youtube channels for learning german if you weren't already
aware however most of these youtubers also have an
instagram account where they share content that they don't on youtube
this is a great opportunity for you to connect with your favorite teachers
and get extra lessons from them hello my name is maria and ich bin deutschler
my channel of instagram heist dain spread coach
by mia give the satan tag stories of deutsche middleton until i haven't featured this channel on any
of my other youtube channels for learning german videos
but dain spock coach is a great channel both on youtube and as an instagram page
if you like the skits that i do on this channel you need to check out
deinschbach coach she does short topical skits that are
not only entertaining but also educational
sometimes the skits explain common grammar errors and other times they
explain idiomatic expressions her youtube channel has similar content
but in a longer form and in more depth as you would expect
from youtube she currently has under 5 000 subscribers on youtube but
considering that she just started uploading videos there in may
i would not be surprised if she reaches a hundred thousand subscribers before
the end of 2020. her videos are that good you can follow
her on instagram at dine underscore coach and on youtube
channel dainshbrachcoach links to both in the description hello
writer i'm steffi from leonard deutsch i post german content
every day on instagram and also weekly on youtube
so check it out you might like it that's good lighter
cheers the page with the largest instagram following for my list for
today is lana deutsch with over 187
000 followers a lot of their posts are simple phrases in german
that they read out loud they also post listening comprehension
videos which are on a variety of topics they started their youtube channel over
a year ago but a few months ago they started
posting videos more regularly you can find them on instagram at liana
deutsch or the youtube channel linked in the description
one of the best youtube channels especially if you're trying to pass a
german proficiency test is deutsche maria her youtube channel is
full of great content for anyone trying to reach the next level or study for a
german exam on her instagram page you will find more
behind-the-scenes type content she shares what's going on in her life
in germany and it's very interesting to see what she's working on
and just see what she's up to next you can find her at deutsche
maria on instagram or the link in the description for her youtube channel
yvonne the online german tutor also has a youtube channel where she shares a
variety of grammar related lessons these include simple topics like german
verb conjugation and more complicated topics like cognitive eins which is used
for indirect speech on our instagram page you will find more
grammar lessons but mostly in still image format
you can find her at yvonne the online german tutor with underscores between
each word on instagram or at yvonne the online german tutor on
youtube it's no secret that one of my favorite youtubers is katya from
deutsche fiore on her instagram page you'll find little
grammar lessons and posts about whatever's going on in her world
mostly in german so if you want to catch up with katja and learn a bit of german
at the same time you can do that at deutsche fiore just
make sure that you leave out the e for the word fiu
as that's a different account and it's not nearly as cool
lingoni german formerly known as german with jenny has a fantastic instagram
page too in their stories they post grammar
questions and other polls you can also find idiomatic expressions
on their page and a ton of other awesome content
you can find them at lingoni.german on instagram
everyone knows that easy german has one of the best youtube channels but their
instagram is equally as awesome if you want shorter clips for learning
german in bite-sized pieces this page is great easy german videos
if you like language sheep's graphics and style of teaching on youtube you can
gain a lot by going to his instagram page and checking out the graphics that
he posts there unfortunately he isn't very active there
so the best place to learn from him is still on youtube
you can find him on instagram at languagesheep hey everyone
isa the youtube channel wanted adventure is
great for getting an american perspective on life in germany
if you want to learn german with donna as well her instagram stories are all in
german you can find out what's going on in her
world keep up on her latest projects and listen to she and her husband stefan
speak german it's a great way to increase your
listening comprehension in her stories she often includes
english subtitles so you can check your comprehension that way
you can find her at wanted adventure smarter german is also on instagram and
shares many lessons and opportunities to engage in the comments to practice your
german find them at smartergerman hi i'm mark
from authentic german learning i teach you german
effectively via the immersion method whether you are a beginner intermediate
or advanced authentic german learning
shares inspirational and entertaining quotes in german on their
instagram page authentic german learning i'll be honest
you can't really learn german from trixie on instagram
you can however get a glimpse into german life and get a behind-the-scenes
look at the channel don't trust the rabbit you can find her
on instagram don't trust the rabbit if you didn't
know this about dominic from get germanized he's actually a really good
photographer and photo editor i like following him on
instagram because his images are stunning that said you can obviously
still learn german from him on instagram as he often posts stories and other
videos in german it also gives you insight into the
german life you can find him at maesta lanezea and now for the
lightning round need daily memes in german follow at mmd
make sure to follow the big names in german education deutsche bella
and gerta institute follow some cities and learn about the sites that they have
in their city while learning german for example munich
is at mention just search for the city name and find
the official instagram page for that city and follow them
catch up on the news with tagashao at tagashal
learn some random knowledge that will probably have no impact on your daily
life but might teach you some german vocabulary words
from quarks.de that's my list of instagram pages that
you should follow in order to learn german on instagram
if i left somebody off of the list please make sure to put that down in the
comments so that i can add them to my list
that's dallas for heider danke fierce sue show and pissed some next
mile cheese

=== SOURCE #62 (ID: Aviudb8mmQw) ===
if you want to learn the language fast
there are some little-known learning hacks that you can use with our system five learning hacks that you didn't know about
and in this quick guide you'll discover one how to understand and pick up on
every word with the read-along method two how to improve your speaking and
pronunciation with one tool three how to immerse yourself in Native dialogues and
much more but first if you don't yet have access to our language learning
system sign up for a free lifetime account right now just click the link in
the description to get your free lifetime account ever listen to a conversation between
native speakers and wish you could follow along with a transcript well you
can in fact listening and reading along is a popular learning hack for mastering
a language you pick up on every word you improve your listening skills reading
skills and engage multiple Senses at once which improves recall and you can
do just that with our lessons on every lesson page you get the complete word for word transcript to read along with [Music] Shadow Wing is another popular language
learning trick and it's where you repeat what you hear as a way to improve your
speaking skills so as you're taking our lessons you can
Shadow the lesson conversation and you can do this easily with the line by line audio dialog which breaks up the conversation into individual lines just press play on the audio to listen and then repeat you can also use the pronunciation practice tool to compare yourself to native speakers just press
the microphone icon record yourself speaking the line and then you can hear
how your pronunciation compares to the native speaker
[Music] the dialogue tracks give you just the
conversation of the lessons no translations so that you can review the
conversations without retaking lessons and if you're learning with our app you
can just set the dialogue tracks on autoplay and immerse yourself in
different types of dialogues boost your listening skills and drill all the
conversations into your brain just go into the settings on the app and in autoplay make sure autoplay is on turn on dialogue turn off the other tracks also set play next lessons to on and the app will do the rest for you
[Music] now if you're not sure whether you're
getting the most out of the lesson or not well if you follow our lesson
checklist you'll walk away knowing more of the language guaranteed this premium
PDF can be found inside the PDF download section of the lesson and gives you
bonus tips to follow just print out the checklist and fill it out with every
lesson [Music]
[Applause] the word bank is kind of like your
extended brain where you can save words and phrases that you come across to the
word bank so you review them later just look for the word Bank in the vocabulary
menu on the site but what's cool is you can also create printable study sheets
for your words and phrases as well just click on printer friendly version you
can also click export word bank if you've organized and labeled your words
into categories such as verbs and adjectives you can select that label and
Export it as a PDF then print the file out you can write on it and keep it as physical study material if you want to learn the language and
get access to these learning tools and our Learning System sign up for a free
lifetime account right now just click the link in the description to get your free lifetime account remember here's what you can do to learn
all of these words by heart drill these words with our spaced repetition flashcards which will help cement these words into your long-term memory save
them to the word Bank your personal vocabulary collection where you can
print out your own study sheets or review the words with our looped
vocabulary slideshow and play it until you know all of the words so click the
link in the description right now and sign up for your free lifetime account
to get these lessons and study tools

=== SOURCE #63 (ID: m9EZ9j3NHTI) ===
So, here's the thing. Learning a new
language doesn't mean you have to learn every single grammar rule, but it helps
to understand how the language works, the basic structure and how it's
different from or similar to the languages you already speak. Hello, I'm
Lari from Deutsch Midli. I'm a native German teacher and on this channel I
usually teach German in German through vlogs, little stories and lots of
comprehensible input to make learning easy and fun like but today it's a bit different because
this time I'm going to speak English. Why? Because I want you to follow along
without missing anything. I want to give you a clear overview of German grammar.
Not every tiny rule, but the important stuff, the stuff that actually helps you
understand German when you see or hear it. By the end of the video, you will
start noticing patterns in German like in my regular German only videos. You'll
be thinking, "Oh, I know that." And that's the whole point of this German
crash course to take you from wait instead of de to ah dim alo
think in chunks not in single words. German and English don't always match
word for word and if you try to force it well it can get messy. For example, in
German you say literally it's I have hunger but in
English we naturally say I'm hungry. And of course you could say
which literally matches I am hungry. But most Germans almost always say
in everyday speech. And that's the point because German sometimes uses different
patterns to express the same idea. And that's why it's better to learn in
chunks and not in single words. So don't fight the pattern. Learn chunks as
complete phrases. And here are some frequently used
chunks. you might know already or you can learn right now because we don't say
feel dunk, we learn feeling dunk for thank you very much. So feeling dunk
feel dunk. Another one is V gates.
How are you? V gates. V gates de. And the answer to this one
could be Mia Gates. Da da da. Mia Gates good. Mia Gates
Mia Gates guns. Okay. So I'm fine. I'm bad. I'm quite okay. Even though if a
German says gates okay, it usually means I'm good. I'm great. I would like perfect in cafes and
restaurants like there is or there are escaped here.
Guten coffee. And then there is another tricky one. We
don't say for I'm done or I'm finished. We say damn it. Then no idea. What do you mean? Definitely. We'll see.
So, if you learn these as whole phrases without breaking them apart, you can
already have little conversations in German, even as a beginner. Now the
second thing you really need to know German has three genders for nouns. We
have de for masculine, d for feminine and does for neuter. And my biggest
biggest tip, always learn a noun with its article. So
not just tish but deish. Why? Because the gender changes a lot of things
later. It changes for example the adjectives.
For instance g becomes or
does a house. It also changes pronouns. For example, de is air
is c and house is s and of course it changes in the cases. But let's talk
about the German cases a bit later. Okay. The good thing is there are some
quick rules about 80% accurate because as we know in German nothing is ever
100% certain right but honestly these rules give you such a great overview
especially if you're one of those learners who often find themselves
thinking wait why on earth is meten So girl using does not since it's a female
person but let's start with the that's the masculine direct article and is the
masculine indirect article. We use it for male people and professions like
demon the man demon and a man or deer
the male teacher or a male teacher. There is also used for
the days of the week like their montag also for months like their yanua dea and
so on and even for seasons like their summer de winter. Alcohol is usually
masculine too except beer for some reason. So you'd say
devine de directions are also masculine like
devest and names of cars and trains like devi or de.
And then there are some word endings that are almost always masculine like
ant like link like link
like pronounced. So de and of course air like
deer and the ending isos like deismos and now d that's the feminine direct
article. The indirect article is we use it for female people and professions
like or numbers are feminine too like
and there are some really reliable endings here like shaft the manshaft
height and kite like the fry height or the fite Right. Tat like the qualit
like the tolerance like the releon e like the bi
and like the regur. Oh, and there's a nice one. Most flowers
and tree names are feminine too like the rosa the tana or these ones here the sun
and bloomer. And academic disciplines are feminine too like the physic
or the mathematic. And finally does is the neuter direct article and is the
neuter indirect article. This one covers the diminatives words ending in or line
like or does menline
menline. And yes, Maten actually comes from the word m which refers to a young
unmarried woman or girl who often worked on the countryside which is feminine.
demarked. But the ending hen makes it neuter, but it also shows up with
endings like the like studio and meant does argument.
Languages are neutered too like English and colors as well like one more. When you turn a verb into a
noun, it's usually neutered to like if but doesmeck good. So yeah, it's not 100% foolproof,
but if you keep this patterns in mind, you'll guess the right article way more
often. Now since we just talked about de does
let's talk about cases. German has four of them. They show what role a word
plays in a sentence. We have the nominative case for the subject. As an
example, so the dog is sleeping. We have the
accusative case for the direct object as an example. I see the dog. And the dative case for
the indirect object like I give the dog a ball. and the genative
for possessions like this is the dog's ball. This one is rare
in spoken German. So, here's a very useful tip for you. In everyday
speaking, focus first on the nominative case and the accusative case. You'll
hear the datative a lot and it will click naturally later. And here I have
an overview for you. is auto feminine. D nominative.
Draft. Acquisative. No,
does Kintusk. That's your overview, but please don't
try to memorize everything at once. Just start noticing how the article changes.
Next up, word order. German word order looks quite flexible, but it isn't
completely free. In a main sentence, the verb is always in the second position or different order, but the verb always
stays second. In yes and no questions and commands, the verb comes first.
For example, or commit. Commit.
And in subordinate clauses, the verb goes right to the end like in a vile in
a vile sentence. And now let's talk about verbs
themselves. We have regular verbs that follow a nice predictable pattern
like to learn. [Music] to write. And then we have irregular verbs. They like to change their vowels in the
do and cs form. For example,
to drive but do fast and cs
or le but you do least cs least. You don't
need to memorize every single form right now. Just learn to recognize them when
you hear them. And for past tense, yes, many of our past tense verbs are
irregular, too. But it's better to pick them up naturally by reading and
listening to short stories and not trying to memorize endless verb lists.
And another thing German loves are compound words. Two or more words stuck
together to make something new. And here's a trick. The last word usually
tells you the main meaning and the article. And here are some examples.
Ram build the picture and ramen frame a picture frame. So build a ra towel. In my opinion, that's something that
makes learning German real fun. But what do you think? Do you find compound nouns
and compound words fun or annoying? Let me know in the comments below.
And a quick note on capitalization and pronunciation.
In German, all nouns are capitalized. Sounds may be a bit annoying, but it
makes reading much much easier. And here just a small input on pronunciation
after front vowels. So sounds where your tongue is pushed forward in the mouth
like in I it's pronounced as a and after back
vowels. So sounds where your tongue is pulled backward in the mouth like in
you feel your tongue in the back of your mouth. It's so and the German v
sounds like the English V like Vvasa vasa.
And if you struggle with making the German R sound in the throat, here's the
trick. Take a tiny tiny sip of water. Lean your head back slightly and gargle.
This helps you feel where the sound is produced. And afterwards, practice the R
sound with short words like or tiny sip. And let's quickly talk about the um in
German we have three and these can change the words meaning
completely here is an example means already. What is it already that late? But
or shun means beautiful. So keep that in mind when reading out loud or talking to
someone. Now, here's the good news. You already know much more German than you
think. Many English words come from German or share roots like
mother does house deer apple
to drink and de winter. So when you see familiar words just use them. It's
basically free vocabulary. And finally mistakes. Let's talk quickly
about making mistakes when learning German. First of all, they're normal.
Second, they're not proof that you're bad at German. They're actually proof
that you are learning. Your goal is to be understood.
And grammar details will improve the more you speak, listen, and read. And
that's it. Now, you can go watch my German vlogs and stories and see how
many of these patterns you can spot. And if you ever feel lost, just come back to
this video. It's for you. Cheers.

=== SOURCE #64 (ID: LJrvpLATOVg) ===
good good day my friends today we are
going to start the German grammar from this
book grammatic chapter one Capital lines is
do e z s v e z un Z personal
pronoun means personal pronouns pronoun for
person pronouns for the persons is means I here is the
table first person singular is means I V the first person plural V means V second
person there are two format for the second person for the formal and
informal do do means you if you are well well familiar with anybody any colleague
and your office mate any schoolmate or with the Young Generation you are going
to use the do do means you and the second person plural for do is ear
here is the U pupil means more than one z u is a
formal and Z means you pupil so Z the Formal always be
Capital at the starting of the at the beginning of the sentence or at the mid
or the end of the sentence it would be the
capital third person singular ear ear means he Z here
Z means she this is uh third person
singular and s s means it and their plural third
person plural is z means they here I have written the first person second
singular or the plural is i v v to u z u e youu they are young pupils they are
know each other they are using the informal okay you two pups are there
they are using Z for the following conversation here he Z she s it t
z so pronoun common for zahan pronouns for the things zahan means things pronouns for the things I told
you how to memorize how to fix your German gender with Association I told
you for the neuter gender thus it is
representing the definite article T the and it is used for the neutral Norman or
the neutral gender so we are going to fix the SM the knife on burning fire if
you are chopping something or peeling something your knife is burning with
green color fire so there is also written on your knife The Messer or you
are chopping something it sounds like the SM with green color fire and you are
handling in your hand so you will use your all senses you will never forget
okay for the feminine gender I told you you are going to fix with our
association method with this redirt D feminine noan me the feminine nouns or
the feminine D is representing the definite article for the feminine gender
the D Gabel D Gabel is the fork the fork is wearing
a red skirt or you are eating the red skirt with this for and you will never
forget s is representing the new neutral gender means it Z is
representing the feminine
gender and it is a she okay and I told you how to memorize
the the masculine gender with this boxer dear luil theil is dear is representing
definite article for the masculine gender the spoon the leil and it is
pronom is or pronoun is ear means he so spoon is he Fork is
she and knife is it in German languages so German also use articles with the
plurals in English we don't use the cups because it is not the structure of the
English so here is the structure of the uh German language daasan means cups Z
means they they are representing the daasan so for the spoon you are going to
represent the luil is wearing this boxer and coming in front of you you will make
a very ridiculous picture it is a gigantic spoon wearing a blue color
boxer and trolling into the City and talking with you or you are eating dear laille so how you are going to make a
rediculous picture instead of spoon you are going to eat with this boxer or with
t you feel you are eating the boxer test it see it use your all senses make a
rediculous picture you will never for foret the German genders okay here are
the exercise ganen ZD pronom complete you here you know we don't use in
English complete the pronoun we just say like that pronouns okay hereen ZD pron
but in German they use for your so you are going to
complete it okay if now this they are two pupil so
Z you know the verb for the plural is the verb here where wiem is is and for
the plural we use e n okay
Z they speak German here there are two pupils and there is a formal
conversation haban Z side habon means do you have time Haron means
have Z means U formal site means time do you in English we use do you have time
but in word to word we are if we are going to uh translate it have you time
so you will just go the sentence structure of the German
language not for the word to word translation it for the English Okay help
to me they do is because they are know each either and that is the verb stem
for the second person singular from help F they use H to me do
you help me in English but in German we say help you me but in proper way of
English translation we use do you help me okay number four is here is
programer he is programmer and what programmer means is a
uh a computer expert and making the programs on the computer just like C++
language or other okay hereen ZD pronom thus is here
Gupta here com house Indian whenever the comma is coming we don't make the
capital of the first person second person third
person singular plus the second person the formal way we make the capital okay
thus is here Gupta here com Indian this is Mr Gupta he is from
India okay the is fr Koka this is Mrs kioka or Miss Koka FR
is used for both misses and for the Miss Z it is representing she come house Yan
that's is Mrs kyoka she is from Japan here Gupta
un fra Zin in Berlin Z Lear here is the
full stop so it would be the capital T okay Mr Gupta and Mrs kyoka are in
Berlin or are living in Berlin are staying in Berlin Z Lear and
D they are they
are learning German learning D because here they
is a third person plural so the verb is ter learn we use e n with the verb is St
learn learn it should be the learn and to okay we will explain later in the
upcoming classes hello Anna hello Anna who comes
to hello Anna where are you from ishom House New York hello Anna where are you
from I am from New York is K House New York if we are going to make the
translation word by word so how you we say is I Come From New York but in
English I am from New York okay so don't worry about the German and the English
translation just get the
proper um explanation of the sentence or the
paragraph okay Mark on Dominic Vu won ear his here also second person informal
okay via V in Frankfurt mark on Dominic V want here Mark and Dominic where do
you live we are War in Frankfurt we live in frankfur G ven Z good day
is how to call in how your name is called or what is your name good day
what is your name good is has a burger good day I am called or my name
is Burger Roland Burger okay that was our second exercise ear gansen ZD
pronoun and complete the pronouns fr Maya get and C miss or Mrs
Maya going for shopping Z she C buys or buying on because you know in the German
continuous and present simple are the same structure is the same they somehow
say we are going for the uh or we we are going for the shopping or we goes for
the shop we we go go for the shopping okay is the same but you just going to
understand it she buys vegetables kimuse means
vegetables and Ops means fruits okay Peter on PA Peter and Pa are not going today to
the school Z they have
faan they have off or they have the
weekend okay may Mia are
Z miss m or Mrs Mia where do you work is AR in bank I
work in a bank Mary comes to me comes to be Mary
do you come please nine is no you see here after comma in English we use the
capital is I but here after comma it would be the smaller okay
is no I haven't time now exercise number four is now it's talking about the things okay
the closet or the cupboard is expensive Toya means
expensive he in English we use he English we use it is from Italy but in
German we use he is from Italy because you know the things
also have the genders in German language so we translate in to understand for the
English or for the German we use he is from Italy or it is from Italy okay
number two is Das Regal is practice the Shelf is practical or
affordable they use practice for both for practical and for the affordable
s costed noo now as it is representing it because
is the neutral gender deer is for the masculine
gender it costs only in English we use costs because
it's a singular third person it cost only 49
EO okay dampe is no D is representing the feminine gender
the lamp is new Z is modern she is modern for your understanding in English
or proper way in English what we use it is modern because the things in English
are the neutral but here they use Z she is
modern or modern th in feish to there are four shars Z cost nor
100o they cost only 100o disel because whenever s come at the
starting of the word it's become like sound what is the she because it's a it's
a feminine the armchair are is sorry here we did no D okay it's
plural sorry they these we use in English we don't
use uh the for the plural but here for that I written the or in English we say
armchairs are very comfortable it's O would become here okay and they are also
good good comfortable beim means comfortable you are going to correct the
spelling here and G Stitch is good number six de Tish the is
sh the table there is nice but he or it is small why we use he because detish is
a masculine noun okay how to represent how to going
to fix you're just going to make a ridiculous picture the teach the table
wearing a blue color box okay indar
start Z pron in the city complete you the
pronouns hello Mario who is Mari hello Mario where is Mary
Z on one comp Peter she comes late and when Comes
Peter he will not come today doesn't come heart kind lost e for
the Peter he has not mood he hasn't the mood or he have what we say he is not
good today okay then we Al in Cafe drink Cafe here
CFE Cafe is a masculine gender and inan it's we it's a uh indefinite article I
and whenever for the accusative thing comes we will explain in the upcoming
classes but here I just give you the example a and CFE means for the
accusative in direct and we are going to drink the tea
okay coffee so why they use in and Cafe not in Cafe because accusative okay then
go we alone in the cafe and drink a coffee here dear is representing ear he
D she D at it is UN do do and do Z and un Z means you on Z on S is z he she it
is z they are representing the plurals okay Kilner Kilner is
a veter what do you
like Alina Mario name coffee here also they use the coffee okay we take a
coffee okay K yeah is there good would you like also
cake or pastry he because we are because it's a
is a masculine n okay he is very good in English we say it is very goodio modal verbs modal verbs then we
will uh explain later no thank you I don't
like to take I don't like to take I don't like to take I don't like to
take only a cup of coffee only a coffee okay you Mario so you would like to
n nor iron coffee no I take only a coffee so also here would be the same
order I don't like to take but only a coffee here we
use the only okay okay I forget to write here but only a
coffee here formal Oro informal means the formal way and informal Z oo do Z oo
do and Z an was marks 2 is is Sur B CH on internet why they use
to because we know the verb is stem marks m to make to do
marks is representing the second person informal Anna what are you doing I am
surfing a little on the internet i b means a little on the internet in them
internet in are is the it's not a im it's a contradiction of in them okay we
will learn later in it's a there are some prepositions some verbs
are accusative and some are the dative we will study
later FR shimit was Mah z f Miss
shimit what are you doing
is email Mrs shimit
was what are okay sorry here I didn't I just just write the English uh German s
what are you doing what are you doing we surfing on
the internet oh sorry I am writing a
straight an email I am writing an email straight gr okay grade straight right
now in English we say right now okay Daniela was Mark ear ear is also a
informal second person we surf in Internet Daniel and Anna what
are you doing we surfing on the internet here may here may email Mr Meer Miss shim what are you
doing we are reading right we are reading now
right we are reading right now we are reading right now in email straight
means gr gr or right now
okay was b z on Z what is meaning of Z she or they or Z write down the things or the
pupils there is conversation between two two to three pupils here L Kina come you please in in English or
German they use come in so in English we use come you please this is my wife
Karina or she's my wife Karina D is d means this or that Kinder oh
sorry un Kinder and that are our children th is any Z
is is luas ear is dry this is Annie she is 2 month old and
that is Lucas he is three okay so who's talking about this Z is a FR Piva Z is
Annie and o z in Zeus by whom they are talking about they
they are s s oh they are sweet anas
is M the bulgan and Karina this isga P she's colleague of mine M for Mia we
will learn why we use Mia it's a
iish Mia okay she is from Bulgaria she she
so she is P She is an for p okay P oh
BL Z good day miss pan or Mrs pan oh thanks
I like flowers very much because uh Mrs Piva pava bought some flowers
for Karina they are wonderful wonders so z z they talking about the blue
Z take a seat please in English or in German they say you will take yourself
on the seat mushan was Shinken would you like to something drink from Piva no
thank that was our first chapter thank you so much

=== SOURCE #65 (ID: fCYQ1WBTt-w) ===
Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German 
with Laura and in this series , Learning the German Language: The Essential Beginner's Guide, 
we're not going to go through lists of 'Zahlen', Farben', ' Obst', 'Gemüse', 
'Jahreszeiten', 'Monate'. I'm not going to hand you 'proverbial fish'. 
I want you to learn HOW to fish. I want you to learn how to learn the German language in 
the most efficient and effective ways possible. I've been teaching German for 15 years 
to students of all ages, all backgrounds, but there's been a common theme. They focus 
on building vocabulary for weeks, months, maybe years; finally traveled to a German-speaking 
country and they're so excited to put all of that vocabulary to use. but then they make the 
painful discovery that they don't have the tools to actually string those words together into 
sentences. Where did these students go wrong? Well, most of them are native English speakers who 
don't have experience learning foreign languages so they simply followed popular advice for how to 
go about learning German. So using popular apps, software programs, watching YouTube videos. But 
all of these resources, if not used correctly, will keep students relegated to what I 
call 'passive' and 'active' learning. These are low-efficiency and mid-efficiency ranges 
of learning, and if you really want to learn to speak German, that's not where you want to be. You 
need to be in this green zone of high-efficiency, 'applied' learning, and in this series I'm going 
to show you what it is about passive learning ,what it is about active learning that keeps 
you from achieving your goal. How you can take the same resources, the YouTube videos, the apps, 
the software programs, but use them differently so that you are in this zone of applied learning. 
After we examine those three types of learning we're also going to look at common questions 
that beginners have as they start learning the German language. Does the instant immersion method 
really work? Should I start speaking German right away? How fast can I learn German? Is translating 
good or bad? What's the best way to get started? Even if you've already been learning the 
German language for weeks, months, years, this series is still for you because you've most 
likely fallen into the common pitfalls of merely passive or active learning. If you are a complete 
beginner that's extra fantastic, because this series will help you save time and wasted effort 
when it comes to learning the German language. Okay, I know you are eager to get into the meat of 
this series. That starts at about a half hour in .If you want to, skip ahead, check that out, 
verify that this series is for you like i say it is, but then come back to this point. You need 
this first half hour of information ,as well. It is not enough to learn what to do, you have 
to also learn what NOT to do; what to stop doing so that you can learn to speak the German 
language in the best, fastest ways possible. In the next video we're going to dive into the 
details of what does passive, low-efficiency learning look like, and how can you avoid making 
those mistakes? The first type of learning that we need to avoid, because it is not going to help 
us achieve our goal of speaking German, is merely passive learning. This is low-efficiency learning 
where, sure, it's not a complete waste of time, but if we take that same amount of time and use 
it differently, use it more wisely, you can learn so much more and you can learn it better, and you 
can learn it faster. So what does low-efficiency, passive learning look like? It looks like 
sitting back, watching a lot of YouTube videos, nodding along video after video, maybe doing 
something else in the background. I know that you have the best of intentions. I know that you 
really want to learn. I also know that there are a lot of options out there and it's overwhelming 
to know where to start. This seemed like an easy way to at least do something. Okay, I get it. 
We are going to look at, a little bit later, how you can still use YouTube videos and learn 
with them. But just sitting back and watching them hour after hour, that is not going to help 
you speak German. There are two main pitfalls of working with YouTube videos. We need to be aware 
of them so we can avoid them. The first problem is that, generally speaking, all 
of the phrases and vocabulary lists are presented as isolated vocabulary words, 
like this. Okay, say you're watching a video learning items around the living room and on the 
list you learn 'Tisch' for 'table', 'Couch', which is obvious, and 'Kissen' which means 'pillow'. But 
this isn't enough information. You're not going to have a conversation with a German and point around 
the room demonstrating that you know how to say 'Tisch', 'Couch', 'Kissen'. You need more 
information in order to use this vocabulary. The first bit of information that is not 
optional, you must know this, is you have to know the gender of each of these nouns. Okay, this 
is a mind-blowing concept for us English speakers, but in German there are three genders. Every 
noun will have one of three genders: masculine, feminine or neuter, and here we have an example of 
each one. So 'Tisch', (table) is a masculine noun, and we would learn this by putting the word 
'der' in front of it and learning, specifically, 'der Tisch'. That's to help us remember 
that 'Tisch' is a masculine noun, because of that 'der' in front of it .And 
then in front of 'Couch' we would learn the word 'die' and that flags to us that 
'Couch' is a feminine noun. Finally, the word 'das' in front of 'Kissen' would tell us 
this is a neuter noun. So 'der die das' are all three different ways of saying the word 'the'. 
They all mean 'the', it's just a masculine way of saying 'the', a feminine way of saying 'the' 
and a neuter way of saying 'the'. I know, again, feels a little complicated, but it's absolutely 
essential. Now I know there are lots of YouTube lists that give you this information and that 
is great, but it's still not quite enough. You have to be able, with every new word that you 
learn ,you have to be able to plug it in to a complete sentence right away. You have to be able 
to practically use it in some way. For example, we need to be able to say 'der Tisch ist' (which 
means is) and then some sort of adjective such as 'neu'. 'Der Tisch ist neu.' The table is new, 
okay. Or with 'Couch' to say 'die Couch ist blau.' The couch is blue. Or with 'Kissen' 
to be able to say 'das Kissen ist weich' (it is soft ). In a little bit, I'm going 
to walk you through a step-by-step process so that you can write these short simple 
sentences yourself. So that you can find, you know, lists of vocabulary anywhere but 
actually be able to interact with them, apply that knowledge so that it will support 
you in achieving your goal of speaking German. But before we can get into those details, we still 
need to look at the second pitfall of working with just isolated vocabulary lists. The second pitfall 
of working with isolated vocabulary lists is that some vocabulary is irrelevant to you and your life 
and only you can make this decision. No one on YouTube can do this for you. There are two types 
of irrelevant vocabulary to be on the watch for. Firstly, we can have straight up 'wrong 
vocabulary' as in, if you don't talk about cars, then don't learn a lot of German vocabulary about 
cars. If you don't talk about music, you know, scales, arpeggios, chords, d minor versus d major 
etc., you don't need to learn that vocabulary in German either. You learn vocabulary that you 
are going to use. That might seem obvious, but the second type of irrelevant vocabulary 
trips up a lot of people, and that's learning good, useful vocabulary, that we're all reasonably 
going to use, but learning it at the wrong time. And the prime example of this type of irrelevant 
vocabulary is learning the German alphabet. I have heard so many students tell me that 
they think, "Oh,I need to learn the German alphabet first. One of the first things 
I should learn is the German alphabet." This is nonsense! You're not going to have a 
conversation with German, introduce yourself, and proceed to spell out your name, okay? You have 
to always think about the scenarios in which you would use given vocabulary and if you don't have 
all of the German that goes with that situation, then you're learning that vocabulary at the wrong 
time. So, for example, you need to be able to spell things out if you're on the phone making a 
hotel reservation or buying tickets for a concert, but until you're ready to do that, you probably 
don't need to know the German alphabet. You can continue working with YouTube videos of vocabulary 
lists, but you can take that passive learning and transform it into high-efficiency learning by 
simply interacting with those lists differently, like you got a glimpse of when we took 'Tisch, 
Couch and Kissen' and made complete sentences with them. I'm going to walk you through, step by step, 
the process of knowing how to do that on your own, but before we can talk about that, we need 
to address the mid-efficiency learning which is exactly where most students are. If you are 
working with a popular app or a software program then this is your category. And, again, we 
can take those same resources but transform how we interact with them, and be in the 
high-efficiency zone where you will learn to speak German in the best, fastest ways 
possible. Maybe you've fallen into that trap of the low-efficiency passive learning, 
working on irrelevant, isolated vocabulary. Maybe you'd already recognized the error of 
your ways and tried to upgrade to a better type of learning which is called active learning, and 
is the subject of this video. Active learning is middle efficiency level learning. It 
has some good aspects to it, but again, some pitfalls that you need to be aware of so that 
you can avoid them; so that you can be at this highest level efficiency learning, which will 
be the subject of the next video. But first, what does active learning look like? Many students 
who are at this middle range, active learning level are working with popular apps where you are 
identifying words, matching them up, unscrambling them. It's going to look something like this. 
You might have German words such as 'Frau, Junge and Mädchen'. You click on them to 
reveal the English translations, that, 'Frau' means 'woman', 'Junge' means 
'boy', 'Mädchen' means 'girl', okay? Then you interact with this information 
again by doing a matching exercise where now you have to pair up 'Frau' with 
its English translation; 'Junge' with its English translation; 'Mädchen' 
with its English translation. Then you get to these unscrambling activities where 
you have a complete sentence but it's all in a mixed up order and you have to click on the 
words in the right order in order to say, "I am a girl and you are a woman." 
'Ich bin ein Mädchen und du bist eine Frau." Active learning is attractive 
because it's fun to earn stars or hearts or diamonds or whatever. It's satisfying to learn 
German every day for a certain amount of time or have an unbroken streak or be able to level up 
through all of these stages in the program, but it's also deceptive because activity doesn't equal 
productivity. Many times it amounts to nothing more than busy work. I know that might sound a 
little offensive. I'm not saying it's nothing, but hear me out, because I'm trying to help. It's 
just like with the YouTube list scenarios. It's not inherently bad; it's not inherently wrong, 
but, passive learning--- it's low efficiency. It's low effectiveness. And active learning, it has its 
upsides but it's still not quite where you need to be. If all you want to know how to do is recognize 
German vocabulary, essentially be able to read in German, then active learning is probably enough 
for you. But if your goal is to speak German then this active style learning isn't going 
to take you there, because it's not setting you up to produce your own German. It sets you 
up to recognize German but not to create your own German utterances. That happens only in this 
next category of learning which we'll be talking about soon. So what is it about active learning 
that causes it to miss the mark? Where it falls short? The first problem with active learning 
is that it relies very heavily on translating. Now there are specific scenarios in which 
translation is necessary, and that's fine, but as a general principle, it's to be 
avoided. Why? It's going to slow you down, gum up the gears. It's a crutch. You're going to 
be dependent on it and you'll never be able to speak German any faster than you can translate 
in your head, which is pretty difficult to do in the middle of a conversation. So think about 
it like this. We have a triangle. The goal is the German word. There are two different ways 
to get there. There's the smart way and then there's the longer, harder way. So back up. 
How does this work with our native language? Without us consciously realizing this, we, when 
we were learning English, were thinking in images, sensations, and we were directly connecting 
that to the English word. So, for example, we would envision with our minds eye a table and 
we have the whole idea of a table: what a table looks like; how we use a table; the concept of a 
table. And we attached that to the English word 'table'. So now, you can do the same thing with 
German and that's what you want to do. You want to envision the concept of the word you're trying to 
learn and connect it directly to the German word, which in this instance is 'Tisch'. But what a 
lot of people do wrong with this active learning, the mid-level efficiency active learning, is 
that they go from the English word 'table' to the German word 'Tisch', but underneath the 
surface there's this whole other step there where they're still starting with the concept on 
a subconscious level but then feeding it through English to get to German as opposed to the desired 
route of directly from the concept to the word. So now we've already covered the dangers 
of learning an isolated German word along with its English translation, but the thing 
is that even learning entire sentences with their English translations is not going to help you. 
You're not going to learn a sentence like this: 'Ich sehe den Mann, die Frau und das Baby' 
and its English translation of 'I see the man, the woman, and the baby.' You're not going to 
memorize these kind of sentences hoping to have a perfect situation in which to use them when you 
go to Germany. We don't speak English by parroting memorized phrases and so you shouldn't be trying 
to learn German that way either. But looking at these sentences gets at the second inherent 
problem with this mid-level efficiency, active learning, and that is that all of the 
grammar pieces are included for you, but they're not being explained. For example, we have this 
now familiar sentence 'Ich sehe den Mann, die Frau und das Baby' (I see the man, the woman, and the 
baby). Now check out the second sentence. To our English brains, the only thing that we're changing 
is what we're doing. Now we're no longer SEEING the man, the woman, and the baby; we are HELPING 
them. 'Ich helfe dem Mann, der Frau und dem Baby.' But observe all of the additional changes 
that are happening in German. We have 'Mann' in both sentences but the way 
we're saying the word 'the' in front of 'Mann" is changing. Here it is 'den' and here it 
is 'dem', right? We have the same situation with the word 'Frau.' It occurs in both sentences. Both 
times it translates to 'the woman' and yet here in German it is 'die Frau' and yet when we're helping 
her now it is 'der Frau'. Okay, we have the same problem with baby. We see the baby. We help the 
baby. But the way we're saying 'the' changes from 'das' to 'dem'. So not only is this just 
further evidence of the dangers of translating, (they're leaving out a lot of information that 
you need to know; just that simple translation is not enough) but again, getting at a second 
problem here, which is that all of these grammar changes that are just being included for you are 
not being explained. And you have to understand them if you want to speak German. You have to 
not only understand them, you have to be able to make these changes yourself. The good news is, 
this is possible with our high level efficiency learning which is what I call 'applied learning' 
and that is the subject of our next video. We've looked at the details of passive learning, 
active learning and how the lists on YouTube, unscrambling sentences with 
popular apps and software programs, they're not inherently bad or wrong it's 
how we're interacting with them that makes for low-efficiency learning or mid-efficiency 
learning. We can take those same resources and interact with them differently, and that puts 
us into the green zone of high-efficiency applied learning. If you want to learn how to 
speak German, this is where you need to be. Both passive and active learning 
focus just on building vocabulary, but this is just half the story and the other 
half is grammar. If you don't understand German grammar, you can't string vocabulary 
together and actually use it. We need to be at this place where vocabulary and 
grammar overlap; they interact. It doesn't matter if you've been working with 
thematic vocabulary lists on YouTube or elsewhere, or if you've been matching or unscrambling or even 
memorizing your complete sentences. The grammar is either missing entirely or it's not being 
explained and we have to understand the grammar in order to use it, of course, and it's when we 
combine vocabulary and grammar that we're in that green zone of high-efficiency learning. So 
I'm going to give you a strategy, a formula, for writing these short simple sentences, which I 
call sentence drills. You need to be able to take vocabulary, regardless of where you're getting it 
from: a YouTube video or an app software program; whether it's in list form already or it's embedded 
in an entire sentence, and you have to pull it out. You need to take this vocabulary, right from 
the beginning, add on the grammar and be able to compose complete sentences. We can take those 
resources from passive and active learning but transform them into applied learning by doing this 
intentional interaction with them. That's what makes it high efficiency. That's how you can learn 
better and you can learn faster. First, we'll look at some examples of different kinds of sentence 
drills. Then, we'll walk through a few practice examples, and finally, I will show you an optimal 
way to set up a whole exercise of sentence drills that you can do in rapid fire fashion. So let's 
say that you want to watch a YouTube video on basic fruits and vegetables. The first three words 
that come up are 'der Apfel' (apple), 'die Banane' (banana) and 'das Gürkchen' (little cucumber). 
So, at this point, stop the video! Don't keep watching! You need to intentionally interact 
with this new vocabulary. You need to apply it by putting it into a sentence drill like these. 
For each of those isolated vocabulary words, we can then follow up with the word 'ist' (which 
means simply 'is') and then after that with an adjective, which notice I'm keeping that the 
same, too. 'Lecker'means 'delicious'. So we have 'der Apfel ist lecker,' 'die Banane 
ist lecker,' 'das Gürkchen ist lecker.' One at a time we can change each of these 
four components. So, now, in these sentences, right, we're always talking about the banana, 
the banana, the banana and it's delicious, delicious, delicious. And what's changing? The 
first word is changing. Instead of saying 'die Banana' every time (the banana), here we're saying 
'diese Banane' (this banana), 'Jede Banane' (every banana) and then 'welche Banane ist lecker' (Which 
banana is delicious)? We can also change the verb component to our sentence. We can say 'war' for 
'was', 'ist' for 'is', 'wird' for 'will be'. Or finally we can change that fourth 
component, the adjective. We can say 'die Banane ist weich' (it's soft); 'die Banane 
ist gelb' (it's yellow); 'die Banane ist süß' (it's sweet). So now the exact formula that we're 
going to look at in this video, that I'm gonna walk you through is this one. 'Die kleine Banane 
ist lecker.' 'Die große Banane ist lecker.' 'Die reife Banane ist lecker.' The small banana 
is delicious. The big banana is delicious. The ripe banana is delicious. So I've added 
in here a second adjective. We have not only the ones at the end of the sentence, but we also 
have one in between the word 'the' and then the noun itself, so that the formula looks like 
this. 'The' and then adjective, whatever noun, the word 'ist' for is and then another adjective. 
Okay. so before you stop this video thinking, "Great! Got it. I can do sentence drills now. 
We'll just use the word for 'the' and then pick out an adjective and pick out a noun and then 
'ist' and then another adjective. Got it." No, you don't, because there's more grammar happening here 
than you might realize at this point. For example, all of these 'dies' mean 'the', but so does the 
word 'der', and then also the word 'das' and 'den' and 'dem' and 'des'. All six of these words 
mean 'the' in German. It's a grammar thing .But you have to understand it. You have to be able to 
use it correctly in order to speak German. And, in the same vein, we have slightly different ways 
to say all of these adjectives. It's ending with an 'e' here, like this version of 'the', but we 
can have our adjectives end with an 'r' or an 's' or an 'n' or an 'm' as well. And, again, 
there are particular reasons why. There are principles and patterns that dictate which 
changes we make to which words and when and how, and you ultimately have to know all of this in 
order to speak German. And the time to start with it is now. And I will show you the most basic 
place to start. Okay, so now, to run through the process of writing your own sentence drills, 
step by step, we're going to work with three new words, but they're still basic foods. 
Okay, so we have 'der Spargel' (which means asparagus), 'die Aubergine' (eggplant) and 
'das Radieschen' (radish). Every singular noun in German will be either masculine, feminine, or 
neuter, and I like to color code this information. Okay, 'der Spargel' red to indicate it's a 
masculine noun; 'die Aubergine' blue to indicate it's a feminine noun; 'das Radieschen' green 
to indicate that it is a neuter noun. So it is not just superfluous information to 
know the gender of nouns in German. The gender of the noun is one of the factors that will 
impact exactly which version of 'the' we're going to use and which version of our adjectives big 
and small and ripe and whatever. The gender of the noun, it plays a role in that, so you have to know 
this. Wherever you are learning German, if you're learning nouns of any kind and the 'der die das' 
is not included, then stop using that resource, okay. There are smarter ways to learn German noun 
gender. You can click on a link which will open up in a new tab where you can watch a different video 
that I've already filmed on this topic of how you can learn German noun gender beyond just trying 
to memorize an isolated 'der die das'. But that's a topic for later. For the sake of this video, 
we're just gonna give you the 'der die das', but do watch the other one because then you will learn 
that there are ways to predict whether a noun is masculine, feminine, or neuter. It's not 
random. It's not just a guessing game, okay? But, for now, just given to you 'der Spargel', 
'die Aubergine', 'das Radieschen'. So, now, the most basic sentence drills that you can start 
writing today are ones that will have your nouns of choice be the subject of the sentence, okay. 
Play the role of the subject: the person, place, thing, idea. The noun that is taking action of 
some kind. And whatever role the noun is playing in the sentence, whether it's a subject noun or 
a different type of noun like the direct object or the indirect object, that is going to connect 
directly to something that is called the noun's 'case'. Oh, boy! So maybe you found yourself going 
from a nodding, "Yeah, sure, I get it. This all makes sense. Sounds good," to "Oh dear! Subject 
noun direct object noun, indirect object noun. Fifth grade English class wasn't a good 
experience." Or maybe it was just a long time ago. It's all right. You're still in the right place. 
Even if this is the first video you've ever seen about learning German or you're otherwise a 
beginner, don't for a moment think that you're getting too in over your head. This is exactly 
where you need to start. You need to know certain grammar terms, certain grammar concepts as early 
as possible. I'm going to tell you what those are, giving you a brief overview. Then we're gonna dive 
into the details of just a little bit of it, okay, and then, you can also click below and register 
for my free mini-course 'Unlocking German Grammar' and I go into more detail on these same essential 
grammar topics in that course. But circling back, we're gonna take our vocabulary from our thematic 
list of fruits and vegetables. We're going to take this, create complete sentences like you've 
already seen, and in each of those sentences, our noun. whether it's asparagus or eggplant or 
radish, it's going to play the role of subject of the sentence. So here is a chart, a little table 
to help us better understand these relationships. Okay, so look at this middle column first. We have 
a noun that's playing a particular role, such as, being the subject of the sentence. What is that 
noun doing? It's taking action of some kind. We have three other possibilities in German 
for the role that the noun can play. So three different reasons why it's playing that role, or 
it describes what's happening. And, now, look at this part. This whole verbiage of 'case', which 
again is a good term to know, we have a particular very Latin (I think it's Latin. Maybe it's Greek. 
I think it's Latin) name that lines up one for one with the type of role that the noun is playing. 
So we're going to ignore all of this stuff. This comes later. And we're going to 
focus just on this first case, this first role that a noun can potentially play, that 
of being the subject. And if the noun is the subject noun, it's going to go into what is called 
the 'nominative case'. So why does this matter? Because, just like the gender of the noun, whether 
it's masculine, feminine, or neuter-- just like that piece of the puzzle impacts exactly how we 
say 'the' and exactly how we say our adjectives, so, likewise, the role that the noun is playing 
and therefore the case that it is in is also going to impact exactly how we say 'the' and 
similar words: 'this', 'that', 'my', 'his', etc. and also how we say our adjectives. So this 
means that for every German noun that you learn, you need to learn its gender along with 
it, whether it's masculine with 'der', feminine with 'die', neuter with 'das'. But then, 
you also have to know what role it's playing in the given sentence. You have to know whether it's 
the subject or the direct object or the indirect object, because those two factors are going to 
impact how we make these tiny changes to the words coming in front of the noun. And I know that that 
can sound really overwhelming, but we're going to bite off just a little bit of this right now and 
walk you through it, and that will set the stage for you learning more. So here in our complete 
sentences we have 'der Spargel ist lecker' and it is red because it's a masculine noun. 'Die 
Abergine (eggplant) ist also lecker' and it's blue because it's a feminine noun. 'Das Radieschen' is
green to indicate that it's a neuter noun. Now there's another layer of color coding that 
I think is valuable to do, and that is color coding for the case. So, in these sentences, 
each food here is the subject of the sentence, so that's going to be the nominative case, like 
we just saw in the table on the previous slide. And I like to do that by drawing in 
what I call a 'slot'. It's this little place for the noun to sit and I'm going to color 
code that pink. That's just what I use for the nominative case. Again, the colors are arbitrary. 
You can use whatever you want; just be consistent. So in that same nominative slot we can add in 
another adjective. We looked at this before. So now we're adding in a color each time: green 
asparagus, white eggplant and red radishes. 'Der grüne Spargel ist lecker.' 'Die weiße Aubergine 
ist lecker.' 'Das rote Radieschen ist lecker.' And all of that's going to belong together in 
this pink slot for the nominative case because each of these nouns is playing the 
role of the subject of the sentence, taking the action if you will of 'being 
delicious'. So now we can make our nominative case slots really big by adding in more 
adjectives. 'Der große frische grüne Spargel (the big, fresh, green asparagus) ist lecker.' 
'Die große frische weiße Aubergine ist lecker.' 'Das große frische rote Radieschen ist lecker.' 
Everything with big, fresh, and then its color, and then the noun. Okay, so what is 
happening here? We need to take a step back and try to make some observations of things in 
these nominative slots that are different and things that are the same. So let's start with 
some of the things that are different. We have this 'r' that's part of the word 'der' and that's 
different. It is about 'Spargel' being masculine. Then we have the 'e' as part of the word 'die' 
that is what it is, in part, because 'Aubergine' is a feminine noun. So, likewise, we have this 
's' in 'das' that is what it is, in part, because 'Radieschen' is a neuter noun ,and again, that's 
just one piece of the puzzle. They're also exactly what they are because of our nominative case 
slots. Because of the role that the nouns are playing. They're all the subject noun in these 
sentences. Now the things that are the same are our words 'große frische' and then 
the colors, but they all end with 'e' and it doesn't matter in this instance what gender 
the noun has. They still have these identical adjectives. That's interesting. Now we need to 
look at a chart that is going to help explain these tiny little changes, where they're 
different and where they're the same. Okay, all of these tiny little changes, just single 
letter changes, are called declensions. We have one chart here that has all the declensions 
you need. Conventionally, students try to work with 10 or more charts to learn this same topic, 
but this way is the most efficient way. This is applied learning. So, in our examples, we're 
in the nominative case, right, the subject of the sentence, and then we have a masculine noun 
'Spargel', so masculine nouns are right here. Then we have the feminine noun 
'Aubergine'. So that's the next column. And then we have 'Radieschen', a neuter noun. Okay, so where all of these intersect, then, is 
just a small portion of this chart and that's what we're going to focus on in our examples. 
We're going to be strictly right here. The rest of the chart-- you need it; you need to know all 
of these declensions and when and how to use them, but in this video I'm going to walk you through 
examples with just this portion right here. Okay, so now, taking that portion of the 
chart and our three big sentences, right, with our large nominative slots because we have 
all of these adjectives, see if you can line up what's happening with the information in the 
chart. Starting with 'Spargel', okay, we have an 'r' declension which lines up right here, 
and then we have all of these 'e' declensions which all line up right there. Interesting! Then 
'Aubergine' we have all a bunch of e's , right? This one and all the rest, and to be technical 
about it, the first 'e' would be this one and then all of the adjective 'e's would be this one. 
And then the neuter we see an 's' and an 'e' in the chart and that lines up with the 's' and all 
of these 'e's for the adjectives. So the way that we're saying 'the'--'the' is its own type of word 
and that's why it's taking its own declension. And then adjectives-- it doesn't matter how many 
we have, they're the same type of word and they're all taking the same declensions as well. Okay, so 
let's return back to other fruits and vegetables that we looked at earlier in this video and you 
can practice putting the declensions on yourself. So we have the word 'Apfel'. It's color coded red 
to indicate this is a masculine noun. It is the subject of the sentence so it goes into what is 
called the nominative case, which I indicate by drawing what I call a slot for it to go into along 
with the words in front of it. We're going to say 'the red apple is delicious' but the word 'the' 
needs a declension; the adjective 'red' needs a declension. How do we do it? Well, if we reference 
the chart, right, masculine and then nominative, our options are right here. I know there are 
these interesting little symbols here that we're not talking about right now. Those come down the 
road. But what we have talked about, we have two options: the 'r' and the 'e'. So which one are you 
going to use where? The 'r' needs to go here so we get the word 'der' (the) and then the 'e' goes 
on to the adjective. 'Der rote Apfel ist lecker.' So now we can do the same thing with a feminine 
noun like 'Banane'. Again, it's all the subject of the sentence, nominative case, and it's a 
feminine noun, and that puts us, then, right here in the chart, our little snippet of the chart. And 
both times it's an 'e', right, so we put an 'e' in that little blank, we put an 'e' in that little 
blank, and we get 'Die gelbe Banane ist lecker.' Now, finally, we have our 'Gürkchen', also the 
subject of the sentence, so it also has to be in the nominative case, taking the declensions 
that are particular to the nominative case for neuter nouns because 'Gürkchen' is a neuter noun. 
So we have an 's' as an option and we have an 'e' as an option. We're going to put the 's' on our 
'the' and we're going to put the 'e' onto the adjective, or again, like we've seen, if we had 
multiple adjectives, they would all take 'e's. So we've looked at different types of sentence 
drills. We've practiced one specific formula for sentence drills. Now we can look at a whole 
exercise where we can take that one formula but set it up in a particular way that will allow 
you to rapid fire, go through sentence drills, even verbally, which is a very good 
idea. So how we set this up is that the vocabulary that you're working on, our basic 
fruits and vegetables here, is going to be in this column. The first column over here is, this 
time, just still our words 'der, die, das', right, these three different ways of saying 'the'. Here 
we have all the adjectives, and then finally the verb and then the adjective, 'ist lecker'. Okay, 
so we build sentences by jumping from one column to the next to the next to the next to create a 
complete sentence. In this middle column, we're going to have to add the appropriate declension 
every time. As we saw in the practice examples, it happens to be an 'e' every time, regardless if 
our noun is masculine or feminine or neuter. We have the different declensions on the 'the'. The 
'r' for the masculine, the 'e' for the feminine, and the 's' for the neuter nouns, but then when 
we add in that adjective, again, the declension will be the same for all of them. So then you 
practice saying sentences. You have to always pick out the noun first. You have to know where 
you're headed because of the declensions that you have to put on, so you have to first decide, 
okay, I'm going to talk about a 'Banane' so I'm going to say 'Die große Banane ist lecker.' Then 
you say, all right, I'm going to talk about an 'Apfel'. 'Der gelbe Apfel ist lecker.' All right, 
now I'm going to talk about a 'Gürkchen'. 'Das süße Gürkchen ist lecker.', so on and so 
forth. So you can take this same setup and make it very complicated. You can do it in 
so many different ways, but a lot of those more advanced ways involve understanding the 
remaining three cases in German: the accusative, the dative, the genitive; these different roles 
that nouns can play because, remember, this whole formula that we've been working on is just for the 
nominative case. It's just for subject nouns. In order to better understand those other cases in 
German I have created a free mini-course called 'Unlocking German Grammar'. So, to get started, 
click on the link below in the description. Then you'll see this page. Scroll down so you can 
click on 'click to start now'. You'll enter in your email address and set up a password so that 
you can log into my free course and keep track of the progress that you're making or even go 
through the contents a second time if you want to. Once you're inside the course, it looks like this. 
So, of course, start with the welcome video. Then you can see here that we have six different 
lesson videos on nouns and slots which we were just talking about with the nominative case. We 
talk about determiners. That's new. You need to know that. Adjectives--you've had a little bit 
of a preview of that. Noun roles--we're going to talk about not only the nominative case but 
also the accusative and the dative. That relates, then, to the next video on cases. And then 
finally an important video on word order. After that, next steps so that you can consider 
the options of continuing to study with me. And again, just like we've done in this YouTube 
video, there's lots of practice involved in this mini-course. I'll walk you step by step 
through all sorts of examples and this workbook is what you'll use as you go through those 
various lessons. I encourage you to sign up for 'Unlocking German Grammar' right away, but 
then you can choose if you want to get started with the coursework right now, or if you want to 
stay here with me in this YouTube video. First, the next thing that we're going to talk about 
is a whole bunch of misconceptions that learners frequently have about how exactly to learn German.
Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German with Laura and in this video we will address the 
question: Is the instant immersion method the best way to learn German? This video is part of 
a larger series 'Learning the German Language: The Essential Beginner's Guide,' but 
this video does also stand on its own .So so many students think that the best, fastest 
way to learn German would be to go to Germany and instantly hear only German and read only German 
and speak only German. Or if you can't actually travel right away, to duplicate this at home. Take 
an instant immersion course or class where all of the explanations, even, are in German and you're 
listening to German music and you're watching German shows and you're reading German books. 
German, German, German. Does this really work? I want you to think about a 
child learning how to swim. Can we throw that child into the ten foot and 
say, "Hey, learn how to swim. You can do it." Sure, we could, and maybe that poor child will 
flutter and sputter and flail around enough that they can keep their head above water. They 
can survive barely by the skin of their teeth. But what would be the better way to actually learn 
how to swim? You have to start off in the kiddie pool. You have to take some lessons. You have to 
learn some techniques. You have to have someone who shows you how to swim and then you will be 
prepared to go out into the deep end and succeed at swimming instead of potentially drowning. 
I've known people who have gone to Germany not speaking a lick of German and they didn't come 
out of it fluent in German. No, instead they ended that experience feeling overwhelmed, frustrated, 
and knowing a handful of broken German phrases. So what does it look like to start off in the 
kiddie pool and learn the essentials that then set us up for success here in the deep end? We 
have to hit three benchmarks: we need to learn the right thing at the right time and in the 
right way. There's this fancy phrase in the linguistics world that when you're learning 
German or any other language, you need to be focused on 'comprehensible input plus one', but 
what this means is that the majority of the German that you're hearing or reading, it needs to be 
understandable to you and you should be stretched just a little bit so that you're constantly 
improving. But if it's 'comprehensible input plus 10' or 'comprehensible input plus 100', that's too 
much. You're going to be flooded with all sorts of information that you don't have the tools to 
digest. When you first start off learning German in the kiddie pool, there are specific vocabulary 
words and specific grammar structures that you need to focus on first. You have to build the 
right foundation. This would include, for example, about 2,000 words of basic vocabulary. 
We'll look at the details in a second. Then, as far as grammar is concerned, you need to have 
a foundational understanding of the nominative, accusative, and dative cases. Again, examples 
coming soon. You need to learn the three most common verb tenses that you will use the most 
and you also need to learn what is called the subjunctive mood. When it comes to the 2,000 
word basic vocabulary, I want you to think of a pyramid. The foundation of it is going to be a 
bunch of basic noun categories such as clothing, foods, furniture, professions, places, etc. After 
that we have a bunch of verbs that we need to work on, about 50 common verbs, and you need to think 
in terms of learning the verb 'to eat' but saving verbs such as 'to nibble', 'to snack', 'to munch', 
etc. for down the road. But then you also need to learn what are called 'modal verbs' and verbs 
with 'separable prefixes'. Then, after that, we need to add in a few dozen basic adjectives and 
then a handful of other types of words --adverbs and prepositions. In order to become proficient or 
even fluent in German you have to, from the very beginning, start understanding the German system 
for indicating who's the subject of the sentence; who's the direct object of the sentence; who's 
the indirect object of the sentence. For example, to say 'Der Mann bacht', (the man bakes). He's 
the subject of the sentence. That means he's in the nominative case. In this next example, he's 
still the subject; still in the nominative case, but now we're talking about WHAT he's baking, 
and that 'what' (a cake) is the direct object, which in German goes into the accusative case. In 
this third example, 'Der Mann backt seiner Frau einen Kuchen', our man is still the subject, still 
in the nominative case. The cake is still what he's baking so it's still in the accusative case, 
and the person for whom the cake is being baked (his wife) is in the dative case because she's the 
indirect object in this sentence. And I know that this is super overwhelming, okay? I have a free 
mini-course called 'Unlocking German Grammar'. You can click on the link down below, open that 
up in a new tab and register for that course today so that you can start better understanding 
what on earth I was just talking about here. But in this video, suffice it to 
say, you need to learn this stuff! Okay, so we need to work on a basic vocabulary 
of 2,000 words. We need to learn the nominative, accusative, and dative cases. We also need to 
learn the three most basic verb tenses that you're going to use the most. The first is the present 
tense, as in 'Der Mann backt.' The man bakes. Second is the past tense 'Der Mann backte.' The 
man baked. Third is another past tense that German uses even more often. 'Der Mann hat gebacken.' 
which is essentially another way of saying 'the man baked'. The fourth and final element 
of kiddie pool German that you need to build first is working on what is called the subjunctive 
mood, and that would mean, for example, knowing how to say 'Der Mann würde backen', 
(the man would bake if dot dot dot) or 'Der Mann hätte gebacken, wenn...' (then the man would 
have baked if) or saying 'Der Mann wäre Bäcker, wenn...( the man would be a baker if). Once you 
build up these basic techniques in the kiddie pool, then you are ready to head out into the 
deep end and experience full immersion of taking in the German left and right, speaking only in 
German, asking questions when you don't understand something, building vocabulary like a madman 
every day. You're ready for that when you have the foundation first. Instant immersion is a recipe 
for drowning. But full immersion, right, the right thing at the right time, done in the right 
way because you have the kiddie pool foundation, is fantastic,.But be sure to follow my advice 
of the vocabulary and those specific grammar points in the kiddie pool so you can be set up for 
success in the deep end. All the misinformation on the instant immersion method ties hand in 
hand with another prevalent belief which is, if you want to speak German, the best way 
to get started is to simply start speaking German. Does this really work? We're going to 
look at that in the next video. Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German with Laura and in 
this video we want to answer the question: How soon am I ready to have a conversation in German? 
This video is part of a larger series 'Learning the German Language: The Essential Beginner's 
Guide' but this video does also stand on its own. There's a massive misconception out there 
that if you want to learn to speak German, the best way to get started is to simply start 
speaking. This idea is very much so connected to the other misconception that we've talked about 
already, that the instant immersion approach is the best way to learn German. But just like 
we saw in the video on that misconception, giving students the advice to simply start 
speaking German from the very beginning is like throwing someone who can't swim into the deep 
end and saying, "Good luck! You'll figure it out." Are there people who flap and flail around 
enough that they keep their heads above water, maybe even get to that point that they do, 
on their own, figure out certain swimming techniques? I suppose so, but, in my book, this is 
going about learning to speak German the hard way. The most efficient and effective way to learn 
to speak German is to not throw yourself into it and try to figure it out as you go along, 
but start at the beginning, in the kiddie pool, and have a step-by-step process, a system for 
getting yourself to that place that you can successfully swim in the deep end. You do want 
to start speaking German from the very beginning, but there's a massive qualifier to that statement. 
There are two different types of speech, what I call 'scripted speech' and 'created 
speech'. Created speech is the 'jumping into the deep end before you know how to swim'. This 
is where you're thinking up your own sentences of how to introduce yourself and talk about your 
hobbies etc. Scripted speech, on the other hand, is already written for you. This is like 
taking a German song that you really like, finding the lyrics, and singing along to it. Or 
finding an easy beginner German reader, getting the book, also getting the audio book, and then 
reading it aloud along with the audiobook version. It's scripted because everything's taken care of 
for you. You don't have to worry about vocabulary that you don't yet know. You don't have to worry 
about grammar structures that you don't yet know. It's all done for you, which frees 
you up to focus on getting your body used to making new German sounds. There are 
letters of the alphabet like the umlauted 'a', 'o' and 'u' that make sounds we're not used 
to in English. You need to practice these and you need to practice overall inflection so 
that you're not speaking in a really choppy, hesitant way. You also want to develop as 
authentic of an accent as possible. You don't want to sound like this: (bad German accent). 
You want to sound like a German: (good German accent). Big difference, big difference. You 
can get there, but starting with scripted speech is key. You need to hear lots of 
authentic German and practice matching it long long long before you are ready to start 
making your own German utterances. There's a step-by-step process for you here. So, as already 
mentioned, you start with something such as listening to music. Then that's going to lead you 
to the place that after building basic vocabulary, learning essential grammar structures, you put 
that into practice by creating your own sentence drills. This is a written exercise where you 
get to practice utilizing new vocabulary and the grammar that helps you string it all together. 
But after you write these sentence drills you can also read them aloud and get more scripted speech 
practice. From there, you would further expand into writing entire dialogues. You imagine 
yourself in a situation at the grocery store, at the bank, at the post office, and write out, 
again, written exercise. Write out--What would you say? What might someone else say to you? Then 
what would you say? You play act, essentially, through these scenarios and that will help you 
recognize where you might still have some holes in your basic knowledge, where there are some new 
vocabulary words that you still need to learn, or basic grammar structures that you 
still need to learn. Okay, from there, (because again you can read these dialogues out 
loud and that's more scripted speech practice after you have some of this under your belt), the 
next step is to find at least one native speaker, ideally who also is a good teacher. It's not 
enough to just be a native speaker. You have to find someone who will correct you when you make 
mistakes, right, every time you make a mistake, because that's what you need--someone who 
will correct you and who can also explain why something is the way it is. That's the ideal 
scenario with this person. Then you can start having targeted conversations. You can start 
with a mix of the scripted and created speech. You can prepare a topic that brings us back to 
the idea of dialogues. You can prepare a topic in written form but then have the conversation 
where you're not reading from the dialogue, you're just trying to draw upon that practice in order to 
be more successful in that conversation. After you get some practice with that trusted teacher, that 
trusted guide, who is further honing your skills, then you are ready for going out into the wild and 
having as many conversations as you possibly can, because at this point you've built up a certain 
amount of comfort, a certain amount of confidence, because you've gone through a step-by-step process 
that is systematically preparing you to create your own German utterances. So at this point I can 
hear you ask the question: How long? How long will this process take? That is the subject of our next 
video: How fast can I learn to speak German? Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German with Laura 
and in this video we want to look at the question: How fast can I learn the German language? This 
video is part of a larger series 'Learning the German Language: The Essential Beginner's Guide', 
but this video does also stand on its own. Before we can answer that question, we have 
to first look at a related question which is: What does it mean to speak German? Or what does 
it mean to be proficient or even fluent in German? And there are a lot of misconceptions around this 
topic. The first thing that you need to understand is that there are two types of vocabulary. 
I want you to picture with me an iceberg. Only a little bit of the iceberg is above the 
surface of the water and the majority of it is underneath the surface. That part 
of the iceberg is 'passive vocabulary' and above the surface of the 
water is 'active vocabulary'. What this means is that you will understand 
a lot more vocabulary than you use. And this will also be true as you learn to speak German. 
So not only should you reasonably expect that you will understand a lot more German than you 
actually use yourself in writing or in speaking, but this gets even better yet, because the 
definitions of fluency in a foreign language are that even when you have a third of the 
vocabulary of a native speaker, you're still considered fluent. So basically, your iceberg 
is a third of the size of a native speaker's and yet that's still considered fluent. Another 
concept that's very important to keep in mind as you're building your German iceberg of vocabulary, 
is that, just like you're never gonna know all the words that exist in the English language, 
you're never gonna know all of the words that exist in German either. Neither do native German 
speakers. And you need to be really focused on the vocabulary that you're actually going to use. 
If you are a professor and you give all sorts of academic talks, you're going to have to know very 
specialized vocabulary. If you are a car mechanic, that's other specialized vocabulary. If you are a 
doctor, a musician, a lawyer, and you want to be able to talk about those same things in German, 
that's a lot of very specialized vocabulary. But we don't have to learn all of those words if 
they don't apply to us. So, it's really important, in this larger conversation of how fast can 
I learn to speak German, that you think about the life that you lead; the words that you use 
in English; the topics that you talk about in English. And make sure that you are focusing your 
time on learning those same words in German. Now, in previous videos on other misconceptions about 
how to learn German, we've talked about how it's actually really inefficient and ineffective to 
throw yourself into the deep end and try to figure out the German language as you go along. That 
you'll actually save yourself a lot of time, not to mention frustration, if you appropriately start 
off in the kiddie pool and step by step gradually build up to being out in the deep end. And that 
important truth ties us into the very common misconception that adults learn more slowly than 
children; that it's going to take adults longer to learn a foreign language than a child would do 
it. And studies have actually shown that when you look at the number of hours put into learning a 
language, adults can learn infinitely faster than children can and that's partly because children, 
in a way, have no choice but to be thrown into the deep end and learn how to sink or swim. 
And adults, in contrast, we can take this very analytical approach. We can have a step-by-step 
technical process for learning language which is much, much faster. We had to do the deep 
end approach when we were learning our native language, (that's what everyone has to do), but 
since we have our native language under our belt we can now apply our understanding of grammar 
structures and just our vocabulary that we already have, we can use all of that to our advantage to 
learn German much, much faster than a child can. So now, to really black and white answer this 
question: How long is it going to take?How quickly can I be fluent in German? Of course, there's 
not going to be a one-size-fits-all answer, but I can say that it's all about how you go about 
it. If you know how to intentionally practice; if you make sure that you're in the zone 
of high-efficiency applied learning, which we talked about earlier in this series, you will 
learn the fastest possible. And it could take you a matter of months, maybe even weeks. It's about 
how many hours you can put in in a given day, in a given week. But if you do it right, it 
doesn't have to take you years before you're having those desired conversations in German. So, 
now, there are four key impediments to learning German as quickly as possible. We've talked about 
two of them already in previous videos and those are the misconceptions that using the instant 
immersion method is a good idea and that speaking right away, creating your own German utterances 
right from the beginning, is an efficient process. it's not. So now we have two final impediments 
or hindrances that we need to be aware of so we can avoid them; so that you can learn to speak 
German as quickly as possible. In the next video we're going to look at the question: When is it 
appropriate to translate? and when not? When is it going to help you? And when is it getting in 
the way? Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German with Laura and in this video we want to 
look at the question: Is translating good or bad? This video is part of a larger series 'Learning 
the German Language: The Essential Beginner's Guide', but this video does also stand on its 
own. In order to answer this question, I need you to look at this language triangle with me. The 
top of the triangle is our goal--learning German words. There are two types of vocabulary that we 
need to build and two different ways of building it. The first type is concrete vocabulary, which 
is anything that we can see, hear, taste, touch, smell. This vocabulary we can build by connecting 
directly from the concept of, what that thing is, to the German word. For example, we can see 
a picture of something like this (a flower) and we can directly associate that with the 
German 'die Blume. That's what this is--'die Blume. That's how we build all concrete 
vocabulary: foods, furniture, clothing, places. Anything that you can see, hear, taste, touch, 
smell, you should be learning this way, right, by connecting directly from the concept to 
the German. That's going to be the fast way to learn German and that's the only way that true 
fluency in German is possible. You don't have time in a conversation to translate every word in your 
head. You don't want to do that. And if you follow this process; of this particular way of building 
concrete vocabulary in German, you won't get stuck in that trap. You'll be able to think quickly 
in German and find all the words that you need. But there's a second type of vocabulary, which is 
the opposite of concrete vocabulary, and that is abstract. These are words such as: freedom, 
friendship, kindness, economics. We don't have a way to touch economics. We can't smell 
freedom. We can't taste friendship. These are abstract nouns and we have to learn these 
differently. This is where translation DOES come into play. You have no choice but to translate 
from English, or whatever your native language is, into German. It's a long way, because 
we're essentially going from the concept, through our native tongue, and then 
translating into German. So when you initially learn an abstract word you have to do this, 
but we need to get away from translating as soon as possible and the way that we can do 
that is by taking all of those new words: freedom, kindness, friendship, whatever it is, 
and immediately applying them into sentence drills which I talked about earlier in this series. You 
have to use the vocabulary in an applied way, right away, and if you do that, you'll be able to 
get away from the perpetual translation of those words and you will still internalize the German 
subconsciously and be able to draw upon that rapidly just like a native speaker. So translation 
isn't inherently good or bad. It can be the right thing if it's the right time and it's used in the 
right way. So now we have one final misconception that we need to correct so that you can be well 
on your way to learning German as efficiently and effectively as possible. In the next video, we're 
going to look at the question: Is learning German all a matter of building as much vocabulary 
as possible? Or is there something else to it? Hello students. I'm Laura Bennett with German 
with Laura, and in this video we want to address the misconception that learning to speak the 
German language is a simple matter of building vocabulary. That, whatever you want to say, you 
take that English word, you learn the German equivalent, you string them all together like 
we would in English, but now, presto, chango, you're speaking German. This video is part of 
my larger series, 'Learning the German Language: The Essential Beginner's Guide', but this video 
does also stand on its own. There are two sides to learning in German or any other language. You 
have to learn vocabulary words, but then you also have to learn the grammar rules which allow you to 
correctly string those vocabulary words together and say something. You're speaking German in 
this place where vocabulary and grammar overlap. One on their own without the other is not enough. 
There are so so many students who think that they have to build at least some vocabulary first 
before they start learning any grammar at all, and this is the exact opposite of the truth which 
is, you actually need to start with grammar. It's so tempting to think, "Okay, I'll just 
build up some basic vocabulary. You know, I'll learn 'Tisch', you know, for 'table', 'Couch' 
obvious, 'Kissen' which means 'pillow'. You know, I'll just learn some stuff like that then I'll 
work on the grammar so that I can say, you know, the table is brown and the couch is blue and the 
pillow is green. But I'll learn some of the vocab first. That'll be better." No! Because in German, 
even when you're just learning some basic nouns like this, whether it's furniture or clothing 
or foods or plants or what have you, you already have to learn some grammar encoded along with them 
because you have to know the gender of every noun in German when you learn it. You have to know that 
it's not just 'Tisch', it's 'der Tisch'. This is a masculine noun.(der) You have to know that 'Couch' 
is a feminine noun. It is 'die Couch'. You have to know that 'Kissen" is a neuter noun; that it is 
'das Kissen'. The very first thing that you should learn before you start learning any vocabulary 
is you should study noun endings and noun groups. Noun endings are particular ways that nouns are 
spelled in German that are associated clearly with one gender over the others. So, for example, any 
time that you see the ending 'ling' on a German word, you can know that that word is a masculine 
noun. It's going to have a 'der' in front of it--'der Feigling', 'der Lehrling', etc. Then, so 
likewise, if you see the ending 'keit', you can know, automatically, that whatever word is ending 
with 'keit' is a feminine noun. 'Freundlichkeit, for example--friendliness. That's 
a feminine noun because it ends with 'keit' so it has to have a 'die' 
in front of it--'die Freundlichkeit'. All right, then finally, so likewise, there 
are lots of neuter endings. For example: ment. 'das Experiment', 'das Instrument'. Nouns that end with 'ment' are, as a rule, 
neuter nouns and learning all of these endings saves you so much time it's unbelievable. 
For example, just going back to the 'keit' here. If you remember that the 'keit' ending 
is feminine, then you will automatically know the gender of literally hundreds of nouns. 
So now it's also really powerful to learn noun groups and their associations with one gender 
over the other two. For example, weather elements, as a rule, are masculine nouns. Whether you're 
saying 'der Wind' for 'wind'; 'der Frost' (frost); 'der Hagel' for 'hail', okay, weather elements are 
usually masculine nouns. Trees, fruits and flowers are usually feminine nouns. And then an example 
of neuter nouns would be the elements of the periodic table--so various chemicals and minerals 
and stuff like that are usually neuter nouns. So if you're first armed with this information 
on noun endings and noun groups and THEN you start building up some basic vocabulary, 
you will immediately be able to practice solidifying the information on the different noun 
endings and the noun groups when you learn those words. You'll learn the WHY behind them. You won't 
just learn 'der die das' in front of the noun, (you'll learn that, sure) but then you'll be able 
to say, "Oh, yes, and it's a masculine noun." It's 'der' whatever whatever because of its ending. 
Or it's 'der' because it belongs to a particular group ,so on and so forth. And when you know that 
'why', that sticks in your brain so much better. 'Der die das' is not just random. There are 
patterns; there are principles. And you need to know those before you waste any time trying 
to learn vocabulary without them. Trying to learn just that random 'der die das' which is really 
hard for our brains to hold on to. So now, I have a whole German grammar course called 
'German Foundations' which is full of all of the essential grammar topics that I believe you should 
study first, before you start building vocabulary, so that you are well prepared with the necessary 
grammar to then use that vocabulary right away, which again, we've talked about this earlier 
in this series, that whole concept of sentence drills. So you can sign up for that, 
of course, but there's actually one step earlier than my 'German Foundations' course and 
that is a free mini-course that I've put together for you called 'Unlocking German Grammar'. 
You really should start there. It'll help you fully reap all of the benefits of 'German 
Foundations' if you do. So if you haven't already, click the link in the description below 
and sign up for 'Unlocking German Grammar' right now and get started with that free material. 
Thank you for learning German here with me on YouTube. it's been a pleasure and I hope to see 
you in my course 'Unlocking German Grammar' next.

=== SOURCE #66 (ID: SVC-kiRQLls) ===
hello sudentin i'm laura bennett with
german with laura and in this video we will address the question
is the instant immersion method the best way to learn german
this video is part of a larger series learning the german language
the essential beginner's guide but this video does also stand on its own
so so many students think that the best fastest way to learn german would be to
go to germany and instantly hear only german and read only
german and speak only german or if you can't
actually travel right away to duplicate this at
home take an instant immersion course or
class where all of the explanations even are in
german and you're listening to german music and you're watching german shows
and you're reading german books german german german does this really
work i want you to think about a child
learning how to swim can we throw that child into the ten
foot and say hey learn how to swim you can do
it sure we could and
maybe that poor child will flutter and sputter and flail around enough
that they can keep their head above water they can
survive barely by the skin of their teeth
but what would be the better way to actually learn how to swim
you have to start off in the kiddie pool you have to take some lessons you have
to learn some techniques you have to have someone who shows you
how to swim and then you will be prepared to go out
into the deep end and succeed at swimming instead of potentially drowning
i've known people who have gone to germany
not speaking a lick of german and they didn't come
out of it fluent in german no instead they ended that experience
feeling overwhelmed frustrated and knowing a handful of broken german
phrases so what does it look like to start off
in the kiddie pool and learn the essentials that then set
us up for success here in the deep end we have to hit three benchmarks we need
to learn the right thing at the right time
and in the right way there's this fancy phrase in the linguistics world
that when you're learning german or any other language
you need to be focused on comprehensible input
plus one but what this means is that the majority
of the german that you're hearing or reading
needs to be understandable to you and you should be stretched just a little
bit so that you're constantly improving but if it's comprehensible input plus
10 or comprehensible input plus 100 that's too much you're going to be
flooded with all sorts of information that you don't have the tools to digest
when you first start off learning german in the kiddie pool
there are specific vocabulary words and specific
grammar structures that you need to focus on first you have to
build the right foundation this would include for example
about 2 000 words of basic vocabulary we'll look at the details in a second
then as far as grammar is concerned you need to
have a foundational understanding of the nominative
accusative and dative cases again examples coming soon
you need to learn the three most common verb tenses that you will use the most
and you also need to learn what is called the subjunctive
mood when it comes to the 2000 word basic vocabulary i want you to
think of a pyramid the foundation of it
is going to be a bunch of basic noun categories
such as clothing foods furniture professions places etc
after that we have a bunch of verbs that we need to work on
about 50 common verbs and you need to think in terms of
learning the verb to eat but saving verbs such as
to nibble to snack to munch etc for down the road
okay but then you also need to learn what are called
modal verbs and verbs with separable prefixes
then after that we need to add in a few dozen
basic adjectives and then a handful of other types of words
adverbs and prepositions in order to become
proficient or even fluent in german you have to from the very beginning
start understanding the german system for
indicating who's the subject of the sentence who's
the direct object of the sentence who's the indirect object of the sentence
for example to say de aman bacht the man bakes he's the subject of the
sentence that means he's in the nominative case
in this next example he's still the subject still in the nominative case
but now we're talking about what he's baking and that
what a cake is the direct object which in german goes into the accusative
case in this third example d'aman bhakt zainefchao einen kuchen
our man is still the subject still in the
nominative case the cake is still what he's baking so it's still in the
accusative case and the person for whom the cake is
being baked his wife is in the dative case
because she's the indirect object in this sentence and i know that
this is super overwhelming okay i have a free mini course called unlocking
german grammar you can click on the link down below
open that up in a new tab and register for that course today
so that you can start better understanding what on earth i was just
talking about here but for in this video suffice it to say
you need to learn this stuff okay so we need to work on a basic
vocabulary of 2000 words we need to learn the nominative
accusative and dative cases we also need to learn the three most
basic verb tenses that you're going to use the
most the first is the present tense as in da'mon bach the man
bakes second is the past tense da'mon bhakta the man baked
third is another past tense that german uses even more often
deman which is essentially another way of saying
the man baked the fourth and final element of
kiddie pool german that you need to build first
is working on what is called the subjunctive
mood and that would mean for example knowing how to say damman verde bakken
the man would bake if dot dot dot or deman
bacon then the man would have baked if or saying
deman ver the man would be a baker if
once you build up these basic techniques in the kiddie pool then you are ready
to head out into the deep end and experience full immersion of
taking in the german left and right speaking only in german
asking questions when you don't understand something
building vocabulary like a madman every day
you're ready for that when you have the foundation first instant immersion
is a recipe for drowning but full immersion right the right thing at
the right time done in the right way because
you have the kiddie pool foundation is fantastic but be sure
to follow my advice of the vocabulary and those specific
grammar points in the kiddie pool so you can be
set up for success in the deep end all the misinformation
on the instant immersion method ties hand in hand
with another prevalent belief which is if you want to speak german the best way
to get started is to simply start speaking german does this really
work we're going to look at that in the next video
so you can click here to continue to the next video in this series or
if you haven't yet watched from the beginning click
here instead we're going to talk about youtube videos
popular apps and software programs and the pitfalls
of them that i see so many students fall into
you need to avoid those pitfalls so that you can actually
achieve your goal of learning to speak german

=== SOURCE #68 (ID: IFsEX4ZY6bc) ===
what's your biggest problem when it
comes to learn German? Be honest :) verb conjugation? pronouns? or is it.... Tips, Tricks and Hacks. Watch this video Hello and welcome back to
another episode of your German teacher my name is Luzi and today we're gonna
talk about German genders. I know it's a terrible problem for most German.
students how to figure out what gender the noun has... In this video I'm gonna
show you I'm gonna share with you all tips tricks and hacks which you can use
to determine the gender of each and every noun. And at the end I'm gonna give
you some bonus tip which is useful in case you forgot everything and you have
to figure out quickly what gender you want to use. Let's start first with the articles definite articles "der" is masculine "die" is
feminine. And "das" is neuter. You have three options to
figure out what gender the noun has first one is biological sex. This is the most obvious one. The 2nd one is the meaning. According to the meaning you can also figure out the gender of the noun. And
the third one is suffix. "Nachsilbe" is suffix and this one is
probably the best one the most common one and especially if you're a beginner,  this one is the easiest one. Because you can just memorize all these suffixes and according to the suffix you
can figure out the gender. Let's start with masculine. We start with biological sex. Pilot, painter and doctor. Daytimes: the morning, the noon, the afternoon. all of them are masculine except the: the night Days: monday, wednesday, saturday, sunday months: all of them are masculine. January, april, december season: spring, summer, fall, winter except: "das Fruehjahr" synonym of sping And for all the car fans out there: car
brands are also masculine. such as in this picture here is a German car brand
VW Volkswagen so it's "der VW" also "der" Ferrari or "der" BMW, the Audi or the Toyota. Car brands are masculine. Suffixes: we have here three suffixes which are almost always almost always
over 95% are masculine. First one is -ling. For example "the coward" -ich... for example "the carpet" -ismus... for example "the capitalism" Then we have of course more suffixes. Which are mostly not always they are exceptions
but mostly masculine as well. Such as suffixes with -er. is probably the most common one for masculine. for example "the suitcase" -ant for examples "the elephant". -ist for example "the composer" - ig for example "the king" the motor the bear hair stylist the continent "die" feminine again we start with biological sex the mother, the aunt, the sister and of course we also have female professions. the female pilot, painter and doctor as you can see here when  we compare it to the male professions. For the female professions you just add this "in"
and then you have the female version of the profession There are some exception. For example doctor. Airplanes, ships and motorbikes. Most of them are also feminine. there are exceptions but most of them
are feminine. Suffixes which are always feminine. the beauty the brightness the team Nouns ending with one of those suffixes are always always feminine. Talking about "die Mannschaft" Is often referred to exactly the German national
football. Other suffixes for example nouns ending with -e. over 90% are feminine and this one is
probably the most crucial one and the most important one because there are a
lot a lot of nouns ending with -e so again just use feminine and then you
almost always gonna be right the bottle the brewery the newspaper the situation the music the culture the university the conference The third gender: "das" neutral neuter again we'll start with
biological sex there's not too many for example "das Kind" (the child) is neutral we don't know if it's a boy or a girl or
"das Ding" (a thing). "Substantiv" is a noun "Adjektiv" is adjective. nouns made of adjectives for example
here "rot" (red) as an adjective is
the color if its capitalized, as a noun capitalized then its "the" color red the blue, the orange "das Unbekannte" is the unknown The same we also have for verbs. You can take verbs and you can make nouns out of these verbs called "substantivierte Verben" for example: the writing And then if you want to make a noun out of it you just add the article "das" so it's
neutral always neutral the writing or to read: the reading to run: the running (jogging) materials are mostly also neuter for example the wood, the glass, the metall diminutives which are always neutral and
we have two of them. 2 suffixes which are diminutives so meaning it makes something small and which are always neutral. Nouns ending with "-lein". for example: the small bird comes from the noun "Vogel"
is a bird. "das Voeglein" is a small bird. or: "-chen" also makes everything smaller "das Paeckchen" "Das Paket" is a box, a package and "das Paeckchen" is a small package. always neutral then we have also other
nouns ending with "-chen" which are mostly but not always neutral: for example "das Maedchen" (the girl) the bed the aquarium the midicine the date the level the training the office In case you forgot everything we just talked about. And you have to make a very fast decision  to decide which gender you gonna use. Always use feminine !
As you can see here on this graphic 46 percent of all German nouns
are feminine. 46 percent that's almost half. 34% are masculine and only twenty
percent are actually neutral so again if you have to decide quickly if you are in
exam whatever and you just don't know the gender just use feminine you have
50% chance which is quite high that you're gonna be right. alright that was it for today I hope you learned something I hope you liked it if
you did so don't forget to subscribe below and write some comments or hit the like button even better and I hope to see you soon in one of my
next videos until then... Auf Wiedersehe... tschues... bye bye und ciao ciao... :)

=== SOURCE #69 (ID: y37XH4aQpvw) ===
how would you translate this sentence
here I would like to speak German how about this one I try to speak German and what about this one I watch videos to speak better German foreign now when we just look at the English
translation you always have this to speak but in German the first one
there's nothing second one has a two and the third one has a um
so when do you have to use which so the first one I already gave you the
solution is a modal verb it is a modal verb and with modal verbs you
can never build an infinitive Subs with two more about this later in the bonus
tip so this one is gone and in this lesson we actually focus on these two
ones and the big question is when to use two and when to use um and question is actually the right word
because at the end it all comes down to two simple questions with two simple
questions you can figure out which one you have to use you have to use two plus
infinitive or um two plus infinitive and we start with infinitive such mitsu you
probably learned this definition in your German class or in your textbook
infinitive Mid 2 can be used after specific verbs adjectives and nouns now the problem is this list can get quite long and I know for some students
just memorizing words or adjectives or nouns is not the easiest or it's not the funniest thing so therefore I did this video to tell you about this hack I
actually learned about this hack on a blog post of on a great blog post by
Emmanuel from your daily German if you don't know him yet you definitely have
to check him out he has amazing articles about German grammar for only any kind of German Learners any level it's in English everything explained in English and it's explained in a very fun intuitive and special way often a little
bit a different approach from the classical textbook style which I think
is for many German Learners a great help check it out you find the link down in
the description it's not sponsored at all or anything he actually even doesn't
know it until now but I'm pretty sure he doesn't mind so there I read it's about
questions and for infinitive South Smith too you ask the question what thus Let me Give an example and we start with weapon infinitive plus two for
verben Deutsche sulearnen Tom hat and Deutsche to learn and Tom started to
learn German although I hope to pass the B1 exam are one or two of those verb on this
longer list which you can use to build the infinitive
but again instead of memorizing this list with all these verbs
you just ask the question what and you have to focus on the main Clause
when you look at those two sentences there's a Tom hat ungerfangan is the
main class helps us infinitive such is actually a
subordinate clause so we just focus on the main clause
and now of course you ask what was to learn each of it is so again instead of memorizing the
verbsen which you can use to build the infinitive starts with two just ask the
question what if you can ask the question what for the main class then
you can build the after the subordinate clause with infinitive plus two Andres by Spiel this time we take adjectives plus sign which is also on this list is important to review vocabulary this is a very important thing we see all the time a lot of students they go
from A1 to B1 very fast and then they are at B1 maybe they understand most of
the grammar but they didn't review the vocabulary and then they cannot speak
even though they are supposedly on B1 level
so this is a very important part of German learning German not only German
of course any language vocabulary review these vocabularies especially if you
just want to use it for talking this was just a small side tip let's go back to
the grammar here as well you can ask what Vas what is healthy vas is and we also have Norman plus Harbin
tumbai tsugien hostels do you have time tomorrow to help me
and here as well we can ask what but here it's a little bit special because
you have to have this to do you feel like to do what
or for the second one you have time to do what
and therefore you can also answer with a infinitive satsmith 2 which brings me to
also an important side note because this hack here about what to ask this
question is not a rule as you know German there is always exceptions but
for the main part you will get through it and you will be fine if you can ask
this question what then you can build a infinitive submit too that was
infinitive such plus two let's go to is actually a conjunction and as you see
I wrote there in the translation this in order too I know in most situations you
will find English translations with two but to make sure you have the right um
to try to translate it with in order to so before for the infinitive such plus two we ask the question what you ask the question why is learning German to find a job in Germany or in order to find a job in Germany foreign German to communicate with her friend or Marta is learning German in order to communicate with her friend
now as mentioned here we ask the question why and again we focus on the
main clause on the help sets on the first part here because um Tu is also a subordinate clause so we focus on the main clause and Tomlin Deutsch and then we ask why Deutsche um now let me show you something when we
put this in red again so we have to main close Tomlin Deutsch can you ask the
question vas what no doesn't make any sense right you wouldn't answer any
anything Tomlin touch what doesn't make sense but Tomlin Deutsch why makes sense
Mata Leon Deutsch vas doesn't make sense but Matalan Deutsch why this one makes
sense so here you have to use this um foreign she works a lot to buy a car and here as
well as the question why why does Laura make yoga
um to relax or why does she work a lot um every day to lose weight now the same goal you can also put in a different way Tom East up Morgan vinegar um from tomorrow on Tom is will eat less
in order to not gain weight why I chose those examples because two
Neiman to gain weight and up Neiman to lose weight are both separable verbs
and here you see they're special about those when you have an infinitive
satsmith 2 or um two sentence this Su stands not in
front of the verb it stands actually in the word so it's between the prefix up
or the two and then the verb so up to Neiman one two two naming and this goes for all separable verbs but here again you can ask why
why is Tom going jogging to lose weight why does he want to eat less from
tomorrow on to not gain weight and the question thus wouldn't make any sense now I would like to give you a special one a little bit a longer sentence which
has a infinitive such Mid 2 plus sentence foreign yes you can combine them
Deutsche 2 learning Deutsche to learn is the infinitive
um sentence Tom has started to learn German to find
a job in Germany here you can ask again
what did he start Deutsche to learning and why did he start to learn German
um if you are at P1 level and you already
had this um TSU topic then you definitely also have seen this damn it
and this damit and um can be used for the same thing but there is one
important rule you have to keep in mind umtu is only only possible if the
subject in the helped zatz main clause and nebenzat's subordinate clause is the same they have to match the subject has to be the same different subjects are possible so if you have different subjects in the main
clause and the subordinate clause then you can only use damit if you have the
same subject you can use both whatever you like a sport um I do Sports in order to stay fit so that I stay fit both the same meaning
both completely fine now when we look at the subject in the first one Ishmael there you have ich in the main Clause subject and um feed Sublime in the infinitive class with two never shows you the subject that's why it's only possible to use it if it's the same subject
for damit you always have to show both subjects each markers this wouldn't work you cannot drop this second is here you have to mention or write both now let's change it let's start with a damit sentence each Lena Deutsche damit
minus first date is first part main Clause the subject is
still ich damit minus first the subject here is
a different subject so let's try to make a um two sentence this doesn't work that's wrong
possible would be iclanna Deutsche um I learned German in order to understand
my girlfriend and the second bonus tip is about
infinitives or in other words sometimes it's not
possible to make a infinitive such with TSU and here little quick all the points
after all six modal verbs you cannot build the infinitive
it's like what we had in the beginning is will be wrong also you cannot build the
infinitive subsmith 2 after Verdun for futu eins after seeing fulan and more of those feeling words after gehen faren or the common and more of those movement verbs if you are this kind of student who
likes to learn with lists then maybe those two videos here will help this is
kind of the traditional way to explain you the infinitive such mitsu and infinitive hope it helps hope you learned something business and bye bye

=== SOURCE #70 (ID: J1EhsIacwEg) ===
These are my five tips that I would give myself if I wanted to learn German in the shortest possible time. Ready? So, thumbs up and let 's get started. Number one. Don't learn words. I once tried to learn one language for years with poor results. Then I changed just one thing and learned seven languages ​​ much faster and much easier. What is this thing? I'll explain now. I stopped memorizing vocabulary lists and started learning and understanding entire useful phrases. Thanks to this, I was able to communicate with Germans very quickly in typical everyday situations in a shop, restaurant or bank, and as a result, I was able to simply converse in German and become more fluent in speaking. Thanks to such complete sentences and phrases, I also naturally acquired grammar without having to memorize tables and rules. Number two. This way you will remember it easily and for a long time, even if you have a poor memory. I used to think I had a bad memory because I kept forgetting words in German. However, I found a way to remember it easily and for a long time. And this simple method works not only for me, but also for people of all ages, including my students who only started learning German after retirement. This method is to use so-called interval repetitions. Interval repetitions are repetitions that we do at continuously increasing intervals. This means that we do the first repetition after one day, then after two, four, 8, 16 and so on. This is a scientifically proven way to memorize, thanks to which you will learn less on the one hand , and remember things for longer on the other. And the best thing is that nowadays you have to arrange such repetitions. themselves . For example, in our Language in 15 Minutes app, artificial intelligence will automatically arrange interval repetitions for each of you. The link to the app can be found under this recording. And here comes tip number three. Learn a language less, but more often. Imagine you want to boil water. You put the kettle on the stove for one minute, then take it off the heat for six minutes, then put it on the heat again for one minute and take it off for six minutes. This way you could try to bring water to a boil for years, but never actually boil it. This is exactly how your German learning will look like if you study only one day a week and do not touch the language for the remaining six days . There is a proverb: you can even eat an elephant. Just eat it piece by piece. It's the same with language. Instead of learning a lot at once in one day, it is much better to learn in smaller portions, regularly, every day, piece by piece. And that's how I learned all the languages ​​ I know. Number four. Stop taking listening tests. One of the most stressful things I remember from my German lessons at school was the listening tests , where once a month the teacher would play us audio in German and we had to complete AC tests with the answers to what was said. These types of tests are absolutely useless when it comes to language learning. Fortunately, if you have difficulty understanding Germans by ear, if you think they speak too fast, there is one simple solution. Listening comprehension is like a diet. Just by standing on the scale several times a month, i.e. testing our weight, we certainly won't lose weight. To lose a few kilos, all you need to do is stick to your diet every day . It's similar with learning a language. To start easily understanding German by ear, all you need to do is listen to German regularly, preferably every day or every two days . At the beginning, it is best to listen to the phrases and sentences you are learning and whose vocabulary you already know. This will help you stop translating in your head and teach your brain to understand German. And advice number pi: talk as much as possible. You can't learn to swim from books first and only then get into the water, because we learn to swim by swimming. Similarly, it is impossible to learn a language first and then start speaking. Because just like swimming, we learn by swimming. In the same way, we learn to speak a foreign language by speaking. And when you start speaking, don't worry about the fact that you need more time at the beginning to build a sentence, choose the right words, or that you make mistakes, because everyone makes them. After all, even babies learning to walk do not start by running immediately, but by crawling. And before they can stand firmly on their feet, they will often fall. This is what the natural learning process looks like for every human being. So go ahead, it's best to practice speaking from the very beginning of your learning, and then speak, speak, and speak again as much as possible. And if you would like to quickly memorize the most useful German phrases in a practical way, as I described in this episode, learn to speak fluently and understand what Germans say at a glance , join my express German course in six months. The link to the course can be found under this recording. And we'll see each other next Sunday. Czeus. Yeah.

=== SOURCE #72 (ID: x_m9adGWWb0) ===
the 2024 polyglot Gathering is brought
to you by glossa good morning everybody Welcome to
the polyglot horror show we're discussing German
grammar we you can always ask questions on slido I guess you know the drill but
maybe some of you came very recently maybe this morning um go to slido.com
type in this code pg2020 for select the gloss room and then you
can type in a question and the moderators will um accept these
questions towards the end of the talk and you can even upvote so you can see
them on the app uh you can upvote uh questions the ones that have the most
votes will get answered first okay my name is vanas SCA um I'm a
founder of a small publishing company we make story based language textbooks and
online courses and uh yeah I'd like to discuss a
concept here as a survival guide to to German
grammar um it is not something it's not something magical I have to say it's not
something revolutionary it's uh not scientifically researched uh let alone
uh verified uh it is based on my own experience of teaching German of
developing materials for German and uh also of learning other languages so I'm
a German native speaker you might might say I have an easy job but I've studied
Czech also and I mean as much as you might complain about German grammar I
think open a che uh grammar textbook and uh it's pretty much on par so I just
like to ask a little bit uh who here has not started learning German
yet okay um who is about like A1 A2 level something like that yeah okay who
is beyond that and still struggling okay
cool and who is teaching German any native German speakers here yeah okay
cool welcome um so yeah what is the problem uh German is one of the Germanic
languages with uh you might say the worst grammar we have a lot of things
that other Germanic uh languages have given up on like for example cases we
have four cases we have nominative gen dative accusative I just was in
Icelandic Workshop I realized Icelandic still has this system also but otherwise
you don't know it in English anymore um Scandinavian languages have given it up
more or less uh in German German Learners always get scared with these
things by their teachers we have genders nouns have genders there is absolutely
no sense in the distribution you have to learn them by heart um we do a lot of
weird things with uh sentence structure sometimes we cut off a little
part of of a verb and put it somewhere else uh it's always a question where we
even put verbs we like to have them in the second place of a sentence but not
always we can also push them to the end and then we forgot what we wanted to say
um so this is a little bit uh complicated but uh I believe the biggest
problem is somehow the way we approach the grammar and when I travel in Europe
I always hear people say something like oh I've studied German 5 years in high
school but I cannot say anything because we had to uh memorize these case endings
and we had to memorize the prepositions that go with dative and the ones that go
with accusative and then you have the ones that go with both cases and you
have just to decide whether something moves or doesn't move and my German
teacher still comes in my nightmares but if I were to produce one German sentence
I just freak out and that's a bit of a sad reality
actually um so I sometimes say I believe it if it was illegal to teach German in
school maybe it would be uh the principal language of the continent
because uh I think that the way we teach German very often makes matters worse it
teaches people how difficult things can be and scares them from actually
speaking from using the language um I do believe that um the problem comes from
the way we approach grammar and basically in grammar what or in in
language teaching we choose one of these three approaches if you've studied um
formally how to teach languages you might be familiar a little bit with
these approaches the traditional uh grammar
translation concept or or method um basically Force feeds the grammar on you
it's like how we learned Latin how we learned Greek over centuries you go you
open the textbook and then step by step you start you memorize you learn it by
heart um you have an exam the other day and you fail and uh that's basically I
would say most schools public schools still do
that today the further east on the continent you go um the more this is the
case so if you go in like Czech Republic you take German at some schola or
gymnasium uh this is usually how it goes and uh that uh causes then the uh
post-traumatic stress disorder later on in life um the second one is uh the
approach that became very popular in West Europe mostly in the 1960s 1970s it
has a fancy name I think it's AOL lingual method I call it like more
childlike uh method people realize that uh when you're a kid and you learn your
first language you don't study your grammar textbook and it seems like it's
fun so people said uh why don't we learn a language like a child by simply
listening and adopting and of course us polyglots you know it doesn't work like
that but it was at its time very very popular and is still popular like in
apps nowadays they basically do the same if you do do a lingo you don't get much
explanations you get a sentence you're supposed to repeat it and somehow
magically acquire the language um it has its pros I'm not saying um that it's
that the idea is bad in itself um but on its own it doesn't really it doesn't
really work either um and the third one the most modern the communicative
approach this is probely the one that you're going to see in most yeah if you
go to a private Language School um they do a little bit like they try to wing it
a bit so they go in between whenever you come across a phenomena they will give
you like a little bit of a an explanation about grammar they will say
a tiny little comment they don't want to scare you so they don't explain you like
thoroughly what is dative case actually what does it mean where does it come
from what's it what's its function because then they think then that you
get uh yeah the the PTSD from the traditional approach but they also
realize that as an adult you might have benefits from knowing a little bit of
theoretical knowledge um of course I'm I'm not really happy with any of those
so I'm um summing up a little bit what is the problem with I mean I'm here
talking only about the problems I'm I'm German I'm I'm a little bit negative if
you can see um but um um I I me personally I have learned
some languages with this approach and uh I had the I for me it was always I was a
bit lost and a bit overwhelm at the same time because I have the feeling um when
I'm with a check textbook for example and they go and tell me one accusative
ending then I know that there is an issue and I'm probably making thousands
of mistakes but I don't really know what is the concept what is the system behind
it so I felt personally at least lost and over owned um at the same
time and uh for that reason I believe that um the problem is not so much as I
said before the problem is not so much the grammar itself but how we approach
it in German in particular when you design materials you have the issue that
you come across relatively I would like to say unimportant grammar issues
relatively early on what do I mean by that if you teach French you can hide
the fact that there's a subun te until people have studied two years three
years and then it's too late and then you tell them um but you cannot hide the
fact that there's a grammatic gender you cannot hide the fact that there is Da
because uh you make a very simple sentence um you teach students that
it's and then you teach them and then you have a problem so now
you have to make a choice um am I going to explain the whole thing I'm am I
going to just tell them to learn it by heart and accept it or yeah what am
going to do about it and I think a way out of it can be
this um it's not a magical solution again um it doesn't make the German
grammar simpler but it makes it maybe more
manageable from vocabulary teaching we have this idea that there's a passive
vocabulary and an active vocabulary and some language courses go even to that
length that they say Okay learn these 10 words and you should know them actively
and then there's 20 more words and you should only understand them passively
but you don't need to recall them in theory that sounds nice in practice it
doesn't really work like that your brain goes probably and says how but this word
I'm not supposed to recall it sounds funny I'm going to memorize it and the
other one that you're supposed to learn um you'll probably forget it even though
you've repeated it five times but for some reason in grammar we don't really
do that so often but I believe here it would be much more at its place because
grammar has basically two functions one of them is that we want to understand
how the language works we want to have this sense of like Mastery I feel I know
what's going on I feel I understand the system I can somehow Crack the Code even
though when I'm in a conversation uh I will not be able to apply all the rules
and the concepts in a correct way and that's then the second concept that we
say okay we need grammar in order to make a sentence that works well enough
to be understood ideally when we progress in the language that works well
enough to even sound if not perfect then but decent and only when you we go like
B2 level and above then we want to try maybe to be uh really really perfect and
get all the nuances and get all the details right and for that reason I
believe that with every grammar item we teach we should do exactly this so we
should say is this just for illustration am I just showing you how the language
functions or is this something that you need to know actively and that you need
to understand um in order to have even a simple conversation and not get
completely lost and I see this approach very very
rarely unfortunately in uh in German schools uh usually they teach you this
is how it works here's the exercise to practice it here is the exam and you get
it wrong you have one mistake you get it right you have zero mistakes
but they don't differentiate between the kind of mistakes they don't
differentiate is this something that you that that will cause a
misunderstanding or is that something where you're like yeah okay um if you
get it wrong well then you get it wrong I will still understand what you want to
say so um I designed a little PDF that is
called Survival Guide to basic German grammar I'll show you how to download it
um and in it I apply a traffic light system so basically I I say there is red
grammar yellow grammar green grammar the red grammar is the one that is really
essential that you uh need to know in order to have uh conversation in German
uh spoiler alert it's not dative endings um the yellow grammar is the one where
I'd say okay it's nice to have if if you want to sound nice then study that as
well and study it actively yeah so be able to produce that in the conversation
correctly and the green grammar is really like it's about the Aesthetics
when you're when you're getting really good and you're like um yeah you have
this uh how do you say that air guides we call it in German so you want to uh
challenge yourself um then okay then study the green grammar actively but
before that um you don't really need to actively know these things or to
actively produce them in the illustrative grammar I
believe much more in uh yeah what you see is what you get meaning um you show
people the phenomena once they once they come up in the moment um they occur in
the uh in a text or in an exercise or wherever um but telling them at the same
time that this is not absolutely essential and if you're studying German
I guess you will have to do that job on your own um you might use the the
scammer guide as a reference so when you're studying and somebody goes and
tells you okay these are separable verbs this these are I don't know um dative
ending for adjectives in the plural you can reference it with this guide and say
okay am I going to read that and just to understand how the language functions or
is that something that I should be able to uh to memorize and to produce correctly um just to clarify uh a little
bit with a couple of small examples how that
uh what I mean by that I talked about this one before yeah it's D so as I said
before in German we have genders we have three translations for the word the well
actually we have 16 but we have three translations for the for the word the uh
it's de def
FL d f there is no window here I don't know is there something with D um yeah D
Fen okay you have to learn the gender with every heart there's no s With Every
Word by heart there's no sense in the distribution of the genders or at least
not very much sense in the distribution uh not like in the Slavic languages
where you can somehow predict the uh gender of a noun um so very quickly
you're going to see that um when you talk to people and tell them that you
are in like at school uh you would say in and then you you're like yeah okay
what is that is that a typo um it's not it's a dative case and it changes the
article from D to D it doesn't make the school masculine but so a long thing
that I don't want to talk about now but I believe that when something like this
happens you want to know you want to know what's going on but if you make a
mistake it doesn't matter at all if you tell
me yeah I I it is impossible for me to misunderstand so feel free when you're
speaking when you're at A1 level A2 level ignore all these uh dative
accusative uh things um it doesn't matter um formal versus informal speech
um so in German like in many uh Romans languages Slavic languages we have a
different U we have a u for formal approach we have a u for non-formal
approach um and even as native speakers we have issues with that so you want to
know that you want to know how that functions like roughly but when you're
at the A1 A2 level and you say do to somebody in a situation where it's not
appropriate people will understand that German is not your first language it
will not kick you out of the room or if you say Z and it's actually a bit weird
because you're at a party and at a party you don't use the formal
it's not a big deal nobody will really care of course you get to the B1 level
B2 level you want to get these things right but at the beginning it's nothing
to worry it's nothing to um it's nothing that should stop you from speaking
German because you're scared of making a mistake with it or also this here like
separable verbs so you can see MIT bring and bring and means well very easy to
bring um MIT Bing means to bring along uh to bring with me um and we have this
weird weird phenomena that we can sometimes cut off the this first um
syllable M so in a in a sentence I would say I'm going to bring a bottle of wine
with me but what if I don't do that yeah what if I
say fline it is impossible again for me as a
German speaker to misunderstand that unless I have already finished the
entire bottle before but it's it's really impossible to make a mistake with
that um yeah so that's basically the the idea that I would like to communicate
here um that we need to classify the grammar a little bit by what is
essential when we want to actively use the language and what is just there for
us to understand how the how the language functions um
so how should we deal with the non-essential grammar while we are uh
studying um sometimes people object to this and say yeah okay but look the
gender thing you can't just ignore it you can't just go and pretend there are
no genders when you learn a n you should learn the gender from the from the first
day right because otherwise you're never going to memorize that it's the and not
their sh um and that's true I believe that's
true but you should have in your mind that this is not something that will
cause dramatic mistakes so for you to communicate in German fluently in the
long run you will need to know for example the gender that goes with every
noun but if you make a mistake even if at a very advanced level it's by the way
it's almost unavoidable you will make mistakes with genders because uh you
cannot know um the the the gender of every word so uh people make mistakes
with genders even at a very high level level even native speakers like there
are a couple of words in the German language where we not really sure what
is the gender uh I say thus yogurt some people say their yogurt some people say
the yogurt um so we're not even agreeing on that in the germane speaking
countries but uh so again I believe it helps to study this from the beginning
on from the moment where the uh where the phenomenon
occurs but when you speak when you're using the language here at the polyglot
gathering in the uh reception room um then it's quite good to have these
things a little bit in the back of your mind and not to think what is the
correct ending here um uh because this will just stop you from getting the
experience of using the of using the language um so this is a I I just wanted
to show this I think it's not very readable I just took a screenshot of a a
German course that I made myself and the grammar topics and you can see that I
introduce uh some of these uh things that I believe are not essential grammar
very early on um like I talk about genders in the third chapter um but
that's precisely this reason I want to show how the language works I want to
explain to people also that they might want to study these things from the
beginning on um but they don't need to use them actively uh in order to have a
decent conversation in German now you might want to know what are these red
grammar items the ones that I believe that are super super
essential um you can download the whole guide um you can just uh go to this
website take a picture of this uh slide or type it in right away um it gets you
to my website you can download the survival guide this will subscribe you
to my newsletter it's very important uh of course so that I can sell your email
address to the mafia and and you will get a lot of spam um and um but we can
also discuss the items a little bit here did everybody take a picture or
take the of course it's a little bit
debatable of course we can say yeah okay is this really super essential or is it
not um but that's the list that I came up with
actually um maybe we'll see how many questions we have maybe we can go into
them a little bit in in a bit more detail later um present tense
conjugation so surprisingly many students are not as uh interested in
verbs as they should be verbs are the one thing where you can really produce a
misunderstanding whether I say like like
or when you say something like or I'm really confused I'm like am
I supposed to write something or do you want to write something or I have no
clue what you're talking about okay so the present tense conjugation is
relatively regular it's not so many endings you're supposed to to learn here
uh it is essential it can very easily produce misunderstandings or at least
sound really really weird to the point where as a native speaker I really to
focus I really have to think very actively on what you want to tell me uh
asking questions super simple in German you just start with a question word or
we start with a verb uh it's super simple it's uh much easier than in
English something to learn within 3 minutes um if you want to go for past
tense I always recommend just going for one one single word it's not war it's
VAR uh which the past tense of uh two B uh in German uh super super simple again
and you can get very far with this one verb uh in expressing whatever happened
to you um we'll do a little bit of uh the clenon I mean case system and that
is the object pronouns in the accusative which you even have in English even
though you're not aware of it maybe but you say uh she likes him you don't say
she likes he he likes her not he likes she or she likes she you don't say
something like that right so you have object pronouns in German we
differentiate between dative objects and accusative objects so we want to know
whether something is an indirect object or a direct object but then again this
is not really I'm not going to make a uh it's not easy to create a
misunderstanding with that um but you should know object pronouns there very
few of them um if you learn them just in accusative actively um you'll come very
very far how do you express possession that's just you own something it's like
your car or uh Peters keys or something like that um you can use guine
case which is a lot of fun and very complicated and
uh confuses sometimes German native speakers or you can use the preposition
fun which means something like off yeah the keys of Peter the car of Peter in
English that sounds very weird in German that works perfectly fine you need
dative after that you can forget about the
dative um possessive pronouns the second possibility and I
think that's something also that um uh might be helpful like my your her and so
on um they have endings also they have a complicated declension you can forget
about the de clenon but the uh but the pronouns themselves you should be able
to say them because otherwise uh uh you you might not get very far
numbers you might argue is that even a grammar question technically not really
you could say it's a vocabulary question I just put it so that the list gets
longer you see German grammar can actually be really really simple uh when
you want to to study it and the last thing which comes usually quite late in
textbooks and courses uh is a comparative that you can say something
something is bigger than or smaller than or it's the most expensive or the least
expensive uh this is Al something that is relatively useful so being able to do
that uh to do a comparative and superlative uh is something that uh that
is quite helpful um yes I told you to download
this those of you who went to this website already saw that I have a few
other things there so of course I'm not trying to sell you a magic method here
but I have a course that I developed and uh even if you study German with uh uh
yeah minimalistic approach to to to grammar it is still going to be a lot of
work it's going to take a lot of time I'm not going to tell you that if you
buy my app or whatever then you will be fluent in uh 3 days uh this is not going
to happen so My Philosophy is more that I believe you make to you have to make
the process enjoyable you have to make the material enjoyable so I designed a
language course that is based on a story pretty absurd story it's about two birds
in b they are affected by the fall of the bin wall and they observe the humans
around them so it's actually a bit of a family Saga but told of the uh
perspective of the two spyrow um and it starts super super simply and every
chapter you get a little bit more of the story if you want to know how the story
ends you have to learn German and you get of course the full um grammar
explanations pronunciation explanations pronunciation exercises audio exercises
all of that um this is as an online video course and I put a promo code
there that uh if you enroll during the polyglot uh you can get the first mon
for free it will still ask for the credit card information because it's
just how the website works but uh um you can cancel it any day in the first month
if you don't like it and uh just check the material for free or it can even uh
download all the audio exercises and just use them and cancel it and um uh
yeah I I I will not be angry at you uh I have the essence of uh this course also
as a textbook um um you might have seen my bookst it's not here today but I will
be there after yeah 11: I think um and by the way also if you have any
questions if you have uh suggestions feedback or something that we cannot
address here uh you can always find me there at this uh
bookst um yes and there is a link to my YouTube channel so if you don't want to
subscribe to anything if you don't want to buy anything if you don't want me to
know uh of your existence you can just uh check out my YouTube channel and uh
see a couple of videos about pronunciation about how to study German
and so on uh if that's interesting for you uh we yeah this is just a few
examples from the from the course actually from the text and the audio
exercises and uh here I'm teaching you how to say the CH sound actually um we
do that for other languages as well for Norwegian uh Swedish uh Chinese
mandarine Chinese Danish will come very soon
um it's always a different story of course so it's not like one story
translated uh to different languages it's uh this one is about a gay horse
this is about a ghost he was killed when Sweden switched from driving on the left
to driving on the right and he doesn't care because he's a loner so he
continues to live as a ghost um and uh this is about a doll actually that is
trying to discover a secret of the lady who made um who made him okay so so much
for the advertisement let's look how much time do we have yeah I suggest that
we go into the slido questions and if we have more time at the end we can go and
check the red grammar items a little bit in more detail um but uh if we don't
have the time for that it's really not an issue because uh I can still put you
the link where you can download the guide actually and you can read it on
your own and if you don't understand it come and tell me and I'll try to explain
it I hope I made explanations relatively clear
would you agree that half of our grammar is used incorrectly or not used by
German speakers for example conjunctive and conditional indirect speech all past
tenses um half of our grammar I'm not sure what you mean by our
grammar yeah yeah okay uh okay that is used incorrectly or well I mean it's a
little bit of a question that what is correct and what is incorrect
so in some languages and uh German is a bit a part of that you have some
Authority or editorial board or somebody who decides what is correct and what is
not correct but on the other hand if 70% of native speakers make a specific
mistake then who are these people to tell us that it's not correct so what is
correct and what is not correct is of course a little bit uh uh debatable and
when we learn a foreign language I believe we should not be more Catholic
than the pope it's not necessary to uh uh to
to get things right that uh even native speakers struggle with um going through
these things conjunctive conditional
um yeah we tend to use them wrong for example in spoken German we never use
the conjunctive eins uh in spoken German even though we should but we don't so is
that incorrect no I wouldn't say it's incorrect because if we do it and
everybody does it it's not incorrect um but German teachers will disagree uh
conditional I believe conditional is not the big uh problem it's it's not very
difficult to use indirect speech Yes indirect speech is also a bit of a
nightmare if you want to do it correctly that's why no native speakers does it
correctly so again it's something when you move beyond the B2 level and this
these things become really interesting um but uh if you are at A1
to B1 including and you don't even know what conjunctive or conditional is uh
perfect past tenses one of them is enough uh actively yeah I'm I'm from
Bavaria I never use the first post tense uh I would not uh only if you hold a
weapon against my head I would use the the the first po tense um the second I
use the second past tense all the time I think it's also easier for most people
to learn um but that's a bit of an individual Choice unfortunately in
Germany uh there is not really um difference in meaning I know I know if
you go to journalism school they will throw tomatoes at you and say no there
is a difference and is whether it's finished or not finished and yes ask 500
people in the street in Germany and maybe three of them will know this
difference it's not uh it's not relevant um yeah can you show example of yellow
or green grammar which teachers and conventional books treats as red um yeah
I would say for example the the the adjective endings uh all adjective
endings are you can debate whether it's yellow or green but it's definitely not
red it's it's cool to know it's cool to know that you say
[Music] uhen in accusative but what if you say
deoss Tish I will understand what you want to say yeah here is grosses Tish I
know what you want to say um can you name top three mistakes in
German that every beginner make um well I mean the top three I think is
difficult because there is really a huge uh amount of mistakes you can make in
German uh but again it's the ones that strike me and the ones that uh strike me
are uh verb endings um I hear people at B1 level
that say things like uh do come something that should not happen I I
mean I don't want to scare you but it's just uh the reason is that this is
really something um where I would not be able to understand what you want to say
so uh these mistakes are much more serious than any um um than any um yeah
mistakes with uh with other endings in the in the language uh by the way
something that is also surprisingly underrated in German is the pronun
ation uh in every like who got a decent pronunciation education when they took a
German course somebody who really when yeah you see no handers getting going up
no one handun okay two good three okay some some people do but it's really it's
really really rare um my husband took a B2 course in Hamburg a couple years ago
it's one month intensive German really Advanced I saw the I saw the homework
like they get really complicated homework to write a nuanced grammar that
also some German speakers might struggle with when when they're asked on these
things so really really Advanced on the last day um they could invite friends
and and family to come and have coffee and uh just chat a little bit and there
was one guy a participant I could hardly understand
what he was saying his pronunciation was so bad that I really had to sit
and concentrate and use a little bit of fantasy to even understand what he was
talking about and I asked later what did the teacher do like one month you were
spending one month to together it was a small group I think five students or
something um what did your teacher do about disguise pronunciation and he said
nothing nothing at all we're just talking about grammar and and vocabulary
and uh and that's really sad uh because uh German pronunciation is not so
difficult there's nothing that is impossible to uh there's nothing that is
impossible to learn but get these sounds right like the 2 CH sounds the
a um these things should should work well the
vocalized r learn how to pronounce my name it's van it's not wner it's not vet
it's not ver um except in Switzerland um yeah these things are even more
important than grammar uh what is your YouTube channel name oh oh my God good
question learning German something you can get the link through the maybe we
can go back to the presentation afterwards you through this bit Uhl um
you can you can see link to my YouTube channel also vean the preposition vegan is it
with dative or with genitive um so technically and in written language it's
with genive 90% of the German population will use it with dative uh at least in
spoken language me included I never [Music] say I would say um it goes a little bit into the same uh
direction as the the question before if everybody uses it why is it
wrong well but you can see films in Germany that are 100 years old and that
make fun of these uh mistakes which are technically not really mistake um we had
a talk on interslavic yesterday I would like to see something like that with
Germanic languages inter Germanic what do you think hm spontaneously I would
say that's a bit of a different uh a bit of a
difficult project because I would assume that the like many of the Slavic
languages are closer to each other than the Germanic languages to each other
with exceptions I don't think you will understand Danish if you speak German at
all you might not even know what language that is of course you might
catch a couple of words but you have to learn it actively and then you have like
these few languages the three Scandinavian that are so close even that
you don't need something like interslavic because you can just use
your own language it's like dialects of the same language so I think it's not a
really feasible uh project for uh yeah for Germanic
languages um what's the method of teaching you use
in your books facing translations or glossies at the end of each passage uh
neither nor uh so in the German course I don't do translations because I think
especially if you're learning German from English um it's really under it's
really easy to understand if you have glossery uh you will find out uh by
yourself what the what the sentences mean um I try to put the vocabulary
always next to the text so you don't have to if you work with the book format
that you don't have to go and uh uh go five pages and then come back and go the
five pages again and uh in the course I have them as downloadable PDFs so you
can just basically put them uh on the side of your screen or if you can even
print them out or whichever way way you prefer um what do you think of only
using the ending n for adjectives as this is statistically correct in 60% of
all situations yes I would say that's the survival approach where you go and
say okay I know it's wrong I know at some point I want to fix that but if I
started learning German in March 2024 this is definitely the approach I would
go for because you can um people are also some times afraid that they might
create like fossilized errors so I'm going to use that and then I will never
get rid of this habit well if you're aware of it you will get rid of it at
some point because the moment you can start using German a little bit then you
can also start um being a little bit more diligent with uh case endings and
the more advanced grammar um the risk the much much bigger risk is especially
if you're not forced to use German for job or school or whatever the much
bigger risk is that you're thinking about the adjective ending two and a
half hours and you're not saying anything at all and an error can only
fossilize if you make it a lot of times but if you don't speak then you become
the you get the fossilized error of not speaking and of being afraid even 25
years after you stopped finishing uh your German studies um that you might
make a mistake so that's a much bigger risk so yes good idea um
would you consider doll News Channel a good resource for lower B1 students no
please no news no news below B2 was horrible I don't know why people have
this idea that you should listen to podcasts when you start um when you
start listening when you start learning a new language if it were like that we
wouldn't have a polyot gathering we would just go to Portugal sit in a cafe
for three years and then we would be fluent in Portuguese it doesn't work
like that you need something that is um uh what do what does uh this guy
stepen Russian what does you call it uh comprehensible input so you need
something that is a little bit difficult a little bit but you like you get much
of it if not most of it but then it challenges you a little bit um that's
basically the yeah the the the thing that you need on a podcast or
news uh is way too complicated and will only frustrate
you um what are the most significant pronunciation differences between the
German regions oh that's a very very that's a that's a that's a very uh
well if you want firstly we have uh we have uh a variety of dialects that is so
huge that we might talk about different languages Swiss German is not uh is not
German uh it's so far that it should be considered a separate language uh and
has complete different register of sounds and uh so uh this takes us really
really far like there's one thing maybe if you want to identify German speakers
who speak standard German you want to know where they come from um it's often
the ending of the uh of the adjectives that end on IG that gives them away so
in the north they say V uh the the G becomes a
ch um in the South I say viik with a K basically it becomes a a hard
consonant um any tips to deal with dialectal
differences like you learn adverbs or prefixes such as herun and then you go
to Austra and people say oh um yes that is a big big problem and I
hope I can work on that on the future it's a big Taboo in German teaching and
I have to say that I'm also guilty of that
so we have something that is called standard German H which is a
standardized spoken language that people should be able to switch to
theoretically all over the Germans speaking world and then they speak at
least something that they think is standard German
um and that should make it easier for you to understand but it is a big uh
problem in the regions that are very dialectal um you will hear German that
is just completely different from what you have studied and I believe that you
should study formally um at least in a passive way the dialect of the region
where you're living so if you live in Austria you should learn austrians uh
you should learn Austrian passively you don't have to speak it uh you can speak
standard German that's totally fine we can have these conversations like where
one person speaks dialect the other person speaks standard that's totally
natural that's also what German speakers would do but uh passive understanding is
super important yes there's a huge lack of material uh I will try to make
something about that in the future so subscribe to my newsletter and uh I will
let you know um is conjunctive important no no no no please what's conun what is
that even no no if you want to say something
hypothetical which is even like below A2 you don't say anything hypothetical um
if you want to do that then you go to which is you do something with um then you
learn one [Music] verb you combine it with an infinitive finished yes that sounds a bit awkward
and clumsy sometimes and but that's totally fine um what are the differences
that help you two Learners that follow your minimal grammar approach should
focus on to start oh sorry help you two learns that follow your minimal grammar
approach should focus on to start sounding less greatting I'm not sure
100% is the person here who asked this question uh so I guess you meant that uh
at the B2 level if you are already there um like how should you approach your
grammar studies um what I would do if you downloaded the guide I would make
sure that you never make a mistake with a red grammar that you study all the
yellow grammar afterwards and then you can go and step by step focus on the on
the green aspects uh I hope I didn't misunderstand your question if yes then
please just catch me on the uh on the table
outside um RDA Wikipedia articles good resources for practicing reading skill
um well they are natural German um that's true depends on the level of
course please not Bel low B1 or something um otherwise if there is a
topic that you're interested in and you have like this idea that you want to
take a challenge and you want to uh read something uh then um then yes go for it
but you might be very frustrated if your level is too low but you will realize
that and then please abandon it and choose something simpler uh which
podcast would you recommend for low B1 uh Peppa Pig it's not a podcast it's a
children's show it's uh no it's amazing I mean uh you learn in any language
basically A2 B1 this is this is what you need uh we have one minute left one
question left perfect what is your favorite word in Bavarian dialect
oh that's a difficult one I don't have a I mean I come from Bavaria I but my
parents are not from Bavaria so I don't speak Bavarian fluently I I can fake it
but uh I know I can understand it of course
um I think my my my is something like when you're
hesitant you don't want you don't know what to say and I in that situation now
you're asking me something I'm like my my was I don't know okay we're out of
the time thank you very much for your questions thank you for
participating um if you have any questions as I said
feel free to uh talk to me at the bookst have fun at the polyglot

=== SOURCE #73 (ID: ptwGd4v2pkI) ===
Here's a book I read recently .... Very
interesting, about how to be relaxed. Hi there, Steve Kaufmann here. Today I want to talk about
how I learned German. Uh, remember if you enjoy these
videos, please subscribe like on a bell on the bell for notifications. If you follow me on a podcast
service, please leave a review. I do appreciate it. So my major effort into learning
German took place in 1987. And I'm going to go through that with you. But I did have prior exposure to German. Uh, my parents were from Czechoslovakia. They spoke German at home, although they
spoke English with my brother and with me. So I hadn heard German,
but I couldn't speak it. Then I worked on a German ship for
two weeks hitchhiking over to Europe. Uh, I hitchhiked around in Germany. I even worked for two weeks on
a construction site in Vienna. So I had some use of German,
but it was very rudimentary. So in 1987, I was between jobs. I had a month off between jobs and I said,
you know, I really want to learn German. And I had, you know, prior to getting
on that German boat, I'd looked at a grammar book ..., whatever. And it's always, it struck me that it was
just impossible to remember those things. 1987, long before I had heard of
Stephen Krashen or input or LingQ. Um, I said, I need to read, I need to
read to get a sense of this language. I need to get the language in me. So let me show you what I did. First of all, I went to the second-hand
bookstores here in Vancouver. I don't know what got into me, but I
said, let's see what, what is there. So I found this book, which is pretty old. It's a university of Southern California. 1959 it was published. And if you look at the book it's,
it's got sort of text and a, it's got a vocabulary, you know, along
the margin, which is really good. You don't have to flip back for it. Now, of course, it's not going to
get all the words that you don't know, but quite a few of them. And as often happens, some of the words
they explain for you, you already know. And you'll see that it's a secondhand book
because this is not my writing in here. It's full of at least one other
person, perhaps more look at this, you know, scribbling, all kinds of
stuff, uh, you know, in the text. But, uh, it look at this one. I mean, there's some person undertook
to translate the whole thing, which... how you can even read the
little chicken scratch, but at any rate, so I read through. So, but that's not the only book I found. I found this other book called ... and
here it's a little more organized and they have a word list behind
every chapter and I found, you know, so it's again, the same idea:
always text with word lists. If you can see that. Alright. Not tremendously interesting,
perhaps, but I was motivated. Oh, here's another one that I did. ... so here again, and I love history and
so I love this book, but this didn't have the, um, you know, the glossary. So it was more difficult to
read and I just let whatever words I didn't know fly by. Uh, here's another one that I
got ... and here again, uh, you know, lots of, um, vocabulary and texts. And of course I avoid any, any sort
of exercises or things of that nature. But at any rate, these are the things
that I plowed through in that month. And I got a lot of them, you know? ... and I mean, these books are
probably largely out of print ... 
So more of the same, more of the same. And I don't know if you can
see here, but just an endless, you know ... more of the same. Now this one I think is my
highlighting, uh, ... Whatever. Okay. Lots. Now, at some point I changed like,
okay...and there's literature and there's ...  When I was in Tyrol, I got interested. Uh, what do we got here? ...again with, with the
exercises and whatnot. I mean, no. And just listen and learn. Now, I don't know whether this matched,
but at some point I found a cassette tape series, which was a series of
interviews, uh, from, uh, German radio interviews with normal people. That was the best. I listened to it over and over again. If I get a hold of audio material
where I find it interesting, and I find it pleasing to listen
to it's almost like music. And even if I don't fully understand
it, I just listen and listen to that. So, but I got lots of
books ... advanced German course. I don't know what I did with that. I mean, it just goes on and on. And of course ...you got to read
the, because for something like this, I also get the audio book. So I won't go through all of these books. I even got books on, uh, what else we got? You know, books on ... which
is of interest to me. And of course I was in the lumber
business and building was, you know, very important to me so I read that in German. Uh, what else did we do here? Here's a book I read recently ... very
interesting, about how to be relaxed, sort of a combination
of Zen and, uh, in the stoic philosophy, how to relax in your life. Um, you know, literature. I also got some, I, here we are. Yeah. I got some, uh, some self-help books,
you know, how to become more efficient. Um, this, uh, Leitner who sort of
designed a prototype of the, uh, spaced repetition system, um, books on history. This is an excellent book. . I mean, it goes on and on. Uh, and these books are kind of good. ...where you can learn vocabulary in a
new language, relating it back to German. And so you're kind of picking
up vocabulary in both. So, I mean, that's just a
quick sort of stab at that. I wanted to demonstrate that, you know,
long before input and compelling input was, was popular it had, it was always
obvious to me that that's how you learn. And that's what I did for Chinese. That's what I did for Japanese. And I could go through all
my Chinese books, my Japanese books, uh, I read and I listened. In fact, behind me, here are CDs,
audio CDs, and lots for German, for Swedish, for, you know, Italian,
Spanish, Czech, you name it. And I could show you, you
know, the books for those. And I may do that if there's interest. The thing is now the world has changed. And so now you can find content of
interest, you can find audio material for download that you don't have to... I used to have to go to Germany
and find CDs to listen to an audio. You can find the audio material online. Uh, if the material is older, like
Gerta, you can import the, uh, the text into LingQ and listen to the audio
and learn, you know, go do the sort of traditional literature that way. If it's modern books, you
may have to buy the book. And unfortunately, very often they
prevent you uh, you know, downloading the text or downloading the audio, even if
you've paid for it, which is unfortunate. Uh, but the world has changed. So I, I perhaps should show you what I
now do on LingQ, uh, which is where I now spend my time learning Persian and Arabic,
and I've learned other languages there. I haven't really done that much
in German, but I have done some. So let me just show you the sort of my
level of activity on LingQ for German. So let's have a look here at
the, um, German page at LingQ. And you can see that there's a lot of
different content available to study. Here are some of the things that
I have looked at in my sort of study shelf, nothing very recently. Some of the trending things. What's new, mini stories. There's just a tremendous
variety of content. So I don't have to go looking for it,
but I haven't done much on LingQ when it comes to, um, you know, in German. So if I click on my picture
here and I go to my profile, then I will see what I've done. So last seven days, nothing. However, if I go to all the time, We can
get a sense of the level of my activity. So here's the growth of my known
words, which on LingQ is 28,000 some. So it's not like I haven't done much on
LingQ, I have done, but more in the past. Typically 2009 seemed to be a
pretty active period for me. Uh, if I look at, um, you know, uh,
LingQs created again, I was very active for some reason in 2016. Uh, if I look at listening hours,
this is not a good indicator because I don't necessarily listen on LingQ. I Might be listening elsewhere as well. Uh, if I go to, um, you know,
uh, learned LingQs, these are the words that I have moved to known. Not very many. So typically, um, I've been doing a lot
of listening and reading, uh, but I don't necessarily move words to known on LingQ. So in terms  of my LingQs created,
I've got a total of 11,000 words that I have looked up, but the
known words total is like 28,000. What that means is that there are
a lot of words that I simply didn't bother looking up cause I knew them. And so LingQ keeps track of that and
tells me that I know 28,000 words. Anyway, that's just very briefly on
the subject of what I did on LingQ, but this all comes well after my greatest
period of activity in learning German. I wanted to show you what I
have done to improve my German. My German is still not as
good as I would like it to be. Uh, I make mistakes and I
was probably better before. Uh, I have spoken German
here with, with people. I'm a bit sort of shy about my German,
but if I have to speak up speak, I would like to be better as is the
case with many of my languages. But on the other hand, I brought my
German from a very rudimentary level up to a level where I can understand,
I can read, I can read books for pleasurem, I can speak to people. And with a little bit of effort, I can
bring it back to where it was before and improve it beyond that level. And that's kind of the level that I like
to get my languages to call it sort of a, a slightly, you know, dormant B2. And once you're there, you don't lose
that much, even if you don't use the language or read in the language. And of course, I like to have
my languages, you know, parked at that dormant B2 level so
that I can learn new languages. And then when the opportunity or the
need arises, go back and recover those languages that I have studied before. So I hope that was of interest to you. And I will leave you with a couple
of interviews that I've had in German so that you can criticize my German. Thank you for listening. Bye for now.

=== SOURCE #74 (ID: BRRBI75hwzc) ===
I love to have you here and if you're
new I'm Stephanie and I make videos on topic of language learning I love
foreign languages and that's what this channel is dedicated to I currently
speak eight of them learning a couple of more and this master Guide Series is
actually one that I plan to do for every language that I speak it is a series
that covers in distinguishes of the language how I learned it how I
recommend that you learn it what best tips and tricks are that I've learned
about the language picked up along the way
Etc basically all of the resources that you need to start learning a new
language what you should keep in mind what advice I have to give Etc so if
you're interested to know that about the German language then keep watching if
you like this series please like And subscribe to this channel so you can see
more videos along those lines this one today's on German is actually by a
popular subscriber request so a lot of you seem to want to know more about
German how to learn you Etc so that is why this is going to be my third video
in my master Guide Series as there's been quite a lot of you that want me to
do this don't forget if you have any requests feel free to drop them in the
comments and I'll do my best now every video in this series has the same setup
and covers the same topics so um quite a few times maybe I will give a very
similar advice for example if I talk about the importance of input and
reading and TV in when you're learning a new language of course that's going to
be applicable to several languages but I always tweak it to the language at hand
however still if there's only some parts you'd like to see and not others because these Master guards are huge and contain quite a lot of information I have made
chapters available for your convenience so let's get started with German German
is first and foremost an Indo-European language and more specifically it is a
Germanic language I know shocker but to be more precise it is a West Germanic
language which means that it is actually part of the same branch of the Germanic
languages as such in English are and yes English is also one although it has absorbed so many Latin and French words at its core English is a Germanic
language which means that you as an English speaker which assume you are if
you're watching this video are actually well equipped to learn German but there
are some idiosyncrasies about German language that make it a tougher cookie
and so I want to cover that in this video but to begin with I like to start
always with why I learned German and there's always this disclaimer that I
like to make that there's no such thing as a language that's not worth it to
learn I think that every language deserves to be learned I think that you
can have so many reasons you can have personal reasons to you you can have
objective reasons such as number of speakers or opportunity which I usually find are not as strong but can be a good Gateway reason to find a deeper
connection with the language or you can have a mixture of those you can have culture or art from that country that you like anything really all of the
statistics that I'm gonna mention from now on everything that I say doesn't
mean that that's why you should learn German it just means here's some benefits you can expect if you learn German but other than that I truly and
firmly believe every language deserves to be learned that aside let's get into
the facts where is German spoken well it is the official language naturally in
Germany but also in Austria Switzerland Liechtenstein and softer row which is
region of Italy funny enough yes there is a part of Italy that has German at
its official language it is in the north of the country of course bordering other
German speakers but I think it is a very curious point to make it is also co-official in Namibia Luxembourg and Belgium and then there's a lot of other
former German colonies where no it is not co-official but there's significant populations of speakers there and also in many many parts of the world where it
is taught since German is one of the most widely thought languages in the world in Europe for example along with English and French those three are the
most popular languages to be taught at schools certainly it is huge especially
in Eastern Europe where I come from and a lot of countries actually in Europe as
it is an official language of the European Union a lot of countries
actually teach that in school and it is quite quite popular here of course it is
also popular on other continents that it is one of the most highly thought
languages and that is for a good reason because it is the second most spoken
Germanic language after English not only that but one tenth of all books in the
world were written in German and it is the second most common scientific
language German is huge in the world of science and so if you are a scientist of
any kind chances are you have come across it quite a lot it is one of the
most common languages when it comes to stereotypical journals and papers and
all of the research that's going on and that's happening in German is oftentimes
not translated to English and so there's quite a lot of literature that you'll
not be able to access if you're a scientist and you don't speak German so
it is quite a big deal in that world and also in general in many disciplines
related to science such as engineering of course Germany is an economic
Powerhouse so it is also a language that is quite quite important in the business
world and during money in general for that reason is one of the most popular
countries to immigrate to that is why although there's 95 million native
speakers there's also 80 to 85 million second language speakers of German and
it is curious to know that not only are so many people all over the world
studying German but also we actually have here in Europe more native German
speakers than English French or Spanish speakers which is fascinating another
reason for you to study German could be the languages culture and everything
that it entails because there's so many great minds in the world of science of
lecture philosophy of music and other types of art it truly it is a Marvelous
World to explore to the power of the German language for example
or Freud Nietzsche Einstein can't get them et cetera et cetera so many great thinkers and so much culture to explore and just so many famous names names that
are now household names that actually come from the german-speaking world so
it is with quite a strong cultural significance scientific significance
economic significance and just quite a few speakers to let you tap into all of
those opportunities and to let you explore all of those areas and of course
if you study German and you're also interested in studying multiple
languages as well beyond German then you'd be happy to know that knowing
German is going to help you quite a lot in terms of studying other Germanic
languages and yes I did mention English is a Germanic language of course but I
feel like if you know German as well that would be a very nice bridge to be
able to pick up some other Germanic languages like Dutch or perhaps the
northern Germany family since I feel like English so much of its vocabulary
is simply romance that with German you get a little bit of that exposure to
more germany-based vocabulary if that makes sense which in turn can help you
learn other Germanic languages better than if you simply knew English only so
that is a little bit of a side benefit for all the language lovers out there
how did I learn German I am still learning German this is a
language that I started learning at school when I was about 11 I believe or 12. thank you it was introduced as the
second foreign language that I ever learned after English but I didn't have
as many hours nearly as many hours of instruction either in middle school or
in high school nowhere near the number of hours I had in English and I overall
learned so much from learning German because I did everything wrong and it
was a great learning experience you know it was in stark contrast to what I did
with learning Spanish by myself because it wasn't available at school and I
learned so many things about how to learn languages and that really
kick-started the whole volleyball thing for me because that's when I realized
how to learn and German I'm so grateful for that bad experience really because
it taught me so many things about what not to do with language learning and so
I really want to go deeper in this Master Academy how I learned it so that
you know what mistakes to avoid and I think it's a great experience to share
our mistakes with each other just so that we know what to avoid and I think
it's in general whatever language you're learning please don't do the things I
did with German so here's the thing I studied at school only and I never
really started much outside of school so I didn't take lowering it to my own
hands and I think that outside of the classroom that's where real language
learning happens I didn't have that experience with English because English
was so much more intense in the classroom we had so many more hours but
I also did so much more work outside of the classroom because you know if
English is your main foreign language and you're focused on that at school you
wanted to go well in it and I did a lot of work outside of school in terms of
exposure to the culture of anglo-saxon countries and just exposure to a lot of
works from those countries with literature or music or TV shows and
movies Etc so I did a lot of consumption of content in English and in German I
didn't do that I just followed my textbooks which by the way I haven't
been able to find I'm not sure I had them anymore but in general I don't like
the textbooks that are used in language learning classes they depend
so much on a teacher you're not able to be independent I do like intro books
I've mentioned that you know those self-paced books where you can pick up
from your favorite bookstore and just use to learn a language like asking a
living language Etc so those I like and I use but the ones that are actually
used in school classes I do not like and I've commented on that many times and
I've commented how I don't like the Approach at schools at all what I do
have is a lot of the reference books and stuff that I bought for German back when
I was in school and I want to show you that all right this Bulgarian German
dictionary pretty self-explanatory I don't think you need a dictionary these
days um I really think that you know it's
much better to just use online dictionaries or Google Lens to kind of
scan across a page if you have way too many unknown words uh but yeah so that
is one thing that I have and that I don't think that you need a lot and I
think that we need to be very careful with the usage of dictionaries and
language learning especially when consuming input I'm gonna pop up my
video on the topic of reading on the screen somewhere so that you know what
to do with the unknown words when you come across them but I just wanted to
show you that dictionary to tell you not to order various dictionaries and if you
want to learn more go in my reading video to figure that out and why I
believe it but moving on another thing like this little phrase book that just gives you a bunch of phrases to use in German out of context out of everything um just Facebook garbage this little grammar book which
is basically I think also garbage simply because it has these charts and stuff
like that just like a lot of look at that it's um you know forms of the verbs
and how you form different tenses and then how you use different cases and what endings but it is none of it is explanatory to kind of scratch your
curiosity Edge which is a good function of grammar I think no this is all just charts to memorize endings to memorize forms of the verb garbage so I used a
lot of that stuff that was not necessary let me show you the crowning moments
so this book is in Pokemon and I will translate the back of the book which
will tell you what this is about so it's saying that it's about Direction
in German which is defined as the ability of a verb an adjective etc etc
they list a whole bunch of grammatical terms here to define
the case of a dependence on it word in a sentence as well as the function of the
verb to require certain proposition with a certain case and so they're going to say that what you should do with this is that you should study them together as
you memorize them um and that is what yeah that is the book I bought look at that it has all of these verbs like what preposition what
case they go to and their dictionary definitions and what I'm supposed to memorize 200 plus Pages that's how I learn German I mean seriously I wish somebody had told me back then that classes in school
and these books are not the way and thankfully I got much smarter as the
years passed because to my experience with learning Spanish I realized what I
should be doing but initially no I made these mistakes of buying these like
charts and dictionaries and things that tell you like what verb goes with what
case and then remembering the case endings and then looking at those
grammar tables and charts and stuff like that and thinking that that is going to
help me that type of Road memorization doesn't help to learn a language all
that does is make you extremely frustrated with the process which is why
I didn't like learning German when I was in school because it was just so
frustrating just remembering these endings and just following that grammatical hole and I'm a person that loves grammar so
you know because I like to understand what things mean but this this kind of memorization just please don't do it I know that
German seems like a super tough language we all know what Mark Twain said about
it we all know you know how many cases it has and how many articles it has Etc but do not focus on those things that is not how you learn those things
you don't need to memorize how the word Nami for example name how it changes to
all genders into all the cleansers Etc and how adjectives change in front of it
just forget this memorization just forget all those books that I just
showed you I will list much much better options in the description below so
here's when I started taking German learning into my own hands so this was
actually when I was in the US and I wasn't studying German there and I
picked up this Advanced German book again it's a self-study book so that's
great for me there's some parts of it that I like there are some parts of it
that I don't but overall I think it's a much better book because it gives you
dialogues it gives you input and it has like short grammar notes that are all
about explaining why certain things happen not about like memorizing it so I
think that that is good using things like that what I've also done is I've
turned German into my Netflix language I have listened to quite a lot of audio
internment in that way and also watch some YouTube videos over on the easy German Channel as you know I absolutely love easy languages and I am sorry if
you're tired of hearing me speak about that there's another book that I used
again like self teaching book with dialogues with a lot of real world input
and again those books are the first one I actually think I can list the second
one is a programming book I'm not sure that I'm gonna be able to find it from
my International audience but I promise I am gonna list good introductory books
in the description below what resources do I recommend that you use to learn
German I recommend in general starting with an intro book I think that is an
amazing um way to start as I was mentioning the
ones I showed you or the ones that I'm gonna list in the description they are
amazing to get a start on the language it doesn't matter which book in fact you
can use several over the material once with one book then go over the material
second time with another book just keep it novel keep it fresh not very repetitive to kind of go through the same book twice so I think that that is
a great approach for German especially because there's just so many different
nuances of the language that we're gonna go over that are quite different from
the way that English Works which I think it could be very useful to get over that base information from a couple of intro books before you move on to other stuff
that being said YouTube channels are also pretty cool my beloved easy
chairman that I mentioned but also a few other ones that I found that I think are
going to be super useful for you and they will be linked in the description
as well those are channels that I plan to use myself to improve my channel because I am still not silent in German and I'm still working on that so this is
actually a little bit of my own study plan that I will be using a lot of those
YouTube channels to learn German so that's why I'm listing them because I
think that truly learning through YouTube channels can be an amazing way
to do that and once you're a little bit more advanced you can actually use
YouTube channels or any topic that you like so the ones that I have linked are
ones dedicated to learning German oftentimes they have subtitles Etc but
really once you're about to intermediate level you can just use any channel from
the German speaking World on any topic it does not have to be dear towards
speaking German it can just simply be about somebody from a german-speaking
country just speaking about some topic that you really like the way that a lot
of people do that is to create a separate profile so a separate account
for that language so that the algorithm wants you to see that you're watching
stuff in that language it can feed you stuff in that language on your separate
account that's great if you're learning many languages you might need
one-to-many accounts but just putting out a suggestion out there it can be
super useful for the later stages of language learning because once you're
past the point of having the grasp the basics you can actually enjoy those
channels that are on topics that you care about same thing with podcasts you can start with ones that dedicated to learning German like news in slow German
or for example the easy German podcast or any other language learning podcast
you can use that but then once you know a bit more you
can simply pick podcast that is in the German language and you can use that the
way that I do it is actually through castbox I think that castbox has the
best filtering by language unfortunately you cannot do that on many podcast
Services unless you change your country you can't really get local content but
whatever podcast service you prefer to use I think that castbox is amazing for
browsing that's what I personally use and I look for different podcasts in
different languages they have this great filtering feature that appears in
settings it's amazing so you can use that to find podcasts in German as
always when it comes to resources I'm going to link it in the description so
that you know what you can use but also something that is also very good and
I've mentioned that in other videos mine is language reactor put you can use to browse Netflix's catalog but when it comes to finding TV shows and movies
that have their audio in German I think dubbing is not amazing but it
certainly works if you want to watch an American TV show dubbed in German for
example or Spanish TV show adapt in German whatever it is if you want local
German content you can either use the VPN as the one I link in the description below or you can for example just find one of the original content that many
streaming platforms right now are doing when it comes to content in German there's more and more of it nowadays one that I have heard quite a lot in terms
of recommendations is the show dark I haven't seen it personally so I cannot
vouch for it like I vouch for Casa de papel in the Spanish video but it is one
that I've heard a lot of compliments about from many people and it's one show
that I plan to watch so let me know if it's good actually in the comments below
so I know whether you also agree if you happen to have seen it another wonderful
resource to use are books and I'm going to show you two of the ones that I have
used one that is basically a fact book of like little Snippets of fact it's
quite cute another one that I like is this one on Viking mythology and in
general I always recommend in my videos to pick a book on a topic that you like
something that you're personally passionate about you know a trivia book
or a mythology book those are interesting things for me
um for you it might be a cooking book or it might be something about football or history or Pottery whatever your interests are it's a really great way to
read that in a foreign language because in that way you're actually going to be able to pick up the language much faster because you're engaging on an emotional level now when it comes to fiction of course one must be careful and I mentioned that as well in other videos because at the end of the day fiction
contains very flowery language can be super tricky so only the fiction if
you're Advanced otherwise I think there's quite a big chance of you
getting bored and or discouraged so in general I would say
that non-fiction is better but um you know do what works best for you if you
really want to do fiction and that's your motivation then do it just be
careful because know that in fiction quite a lot of times what is being used
is a lot of tenses that nobody uses a lot of constructions and cases that
nobody has since spoken German a lot of words that are nowhere to be found in
the language in the streets so that is why I'm always a bit cautious
with fiction now I have to mention German music and I don't actually listen
to German music but I know many people that actually have raised quite a lot of
German rock music German metal music so I don't know much about that um as I
mean different types of music but of course I really suggest using music to
learn a language and if you do like that type of music then there's many great
bands that come out of the german-speaking world and I think it
could be great a great way to learn truly because when it comes to music it
engages with our emotions so much which really really helps with the language
sticking in the brain so give it a go um sing out loud that's a great shadowing
technique but also you're gonna pick up a lot of words a lot of Expressions a
lot of colloquial language which is great in stark contrast to the fiction that I was just talking about because when it comes to music usually the
lyrics are much closer to the way that people actually speak and then of course
we remember songs almost forever right don't we all have songs from our
childhood that we remember super well we do so give it a go it's certainly a
method that I've used to Great results with other languages except not really I
don't really know much about German music but when it comes to other
languages boy have I used this technique it's super effective try language
learning with music another great way to learn Germans with people and you're in
great luck here because as I mentioned it's language that's quite spoken around
the world there's many german-speaking communities in many countries it's quite
widespread and so it's not that difficult to find German speakers out
there and to practice with them so I advise you to do that if you don't have
the opportunity to travel that's fine in many cities there are German speakers if
there's not amazing connectivity of the internet allows us to get in touch with
such people so that is a wonderful way to practice your German to learn new
Expressions Etc so take advantage of that and of course when you travel
always always take advantage of that whenever I travel to a foreign country
if I'm learning their language I always use it even if it is just to order or coffee it's great to practice it is so wonderful because sometimes you even say
one word and immediately they know you're a foreigner and they tell you a
little bit about your pronunciation and you realize how you can fix that you
connect to people on a much deeper level you learn new words you learn new
Expressions you get to practice your own ability of producing good output in
German so I always say whenever you travel don't be afraid to make mistakes
and practice as much as you can even if you don't generally practice with native
speakers even if you ignore my previous tip because you're quite introverted for
example when you travel please make sure to speak the language because it's a
really great opportunity one that should not be wasted watching or reading or
listening to the news in German is also another great option because most of us
like to keep informed most of us get some sort of news on a daily basis and
so why do it in your native language when you can do it in another language
and kind of kill two words with one stone this is great if you don't have
that much time there's quite a lot of news sources in the german-speaking
world Dolce Village is one that is quite famous quite popular but there's also
quite a few others that you can come across and I really recommend this as a strategy to learn any language meals are also much more accessible if you're a
beginner or lower intermediate student because then there's a lot of options
for you there's a lot of short articles you can read so it's not as overwhelming
as a book the language is usually simpler and it can be a great Gateway
into getting exposed to written content or audio or video content in German
before jumping to bigger stuff like books and movies and the usual which we
associate with a bit higher levels so news can be small Snippets of new
information which is why I think that it is a good place to start and then
there's of course a bit more specific ways if you are interested in certain
Fields as I mentioned Germany is the second biggest scientific language in
the world so if you're a scientist that can be a great motivation to stay
abreast of your field to keep up with the new developments and then you can
also learn German that way for example through reading the newest research
papers in your field because so many of them are written in German not just in
science actually a lot of times in academic journals German is huge I like
to read a lot of academic journals on historical topics I love initial history so read quite a lot on that there's so many journals that are in German even in
ancient history so it doesn't have to be science just a lot of the academic world
is in German and so if you're in school or um if you like to read academic
journals for fun sometimes as it happens with me in ancient Greece you can
certainly find so much good information out there in German and I think that is
a good thing to call out if you're interested in that but also another one
is football or soccer depending where you are in the world and what you call
that sport so Germany is huge in that and chances are it is not that difficult
to find German language coverage of your favorite teams your favorite games and I think that watching the game in German can also help you quite a lot it's a
very emotional sport right it gets to the edge of the seat and so combining that again a little bit like music with you know hearing German it can really
help it stick so I think you don't necessarily only need to watch movies or like listen to music whatever you can also watch football soccer games and German Germany is huge in that and I think it's going to be very useful for
your skills in terms of getting real world exposure to how the language is
actually spoken because those sports commentators they actually use language
that is quite relevant to the way the language is spoken on the streets now
let's dive into some of the idiosyncrasies of the German language as
you know German uses the Latin alphabet as well just like the English test
however there's some notable differences to point out when it comes to
pronunciation and spelling and even extra letters so German is actually
quite straightforward to read it is not like French or you know half of the
letters are not pronounced there are some rules that you need to learn about
how certain letters are pronounced and that's about it it's not that complicated it's really easy to learn to read German for example you need to know
that CH is not like you know you pronounce it in chair in English but
it's a sound so like machine
Etc and the age is sometimes not pronounced by the delegates about sound
there's just a few rules a few rules that tell you how to read German words
reading in German really follows patterns it follows rules there's barely
any exceptions it is not difficult to learn and it is nowhere near as
difficult as they're learning to read in English or in French where you never
know exactly how a certain letter is going to be pronounced and it changes a
thousand times in German there's rules and it makes it really easy to read and
then fret when you see those letters actually come up because at the end of
the day they're just other letters you know for example the umlaut or that sign
that you see about those vowels that you see on the screen that just means that
the vowel is pronounced slightly differently than normal and it has again
a very specific sound that doesn't really change but it's always the same
but you never really have to think about the only changes in sounds are if there's like another letter next to it and you can learn those rules and you
can know um those three sounds can be a bit tricky to make still struggle with the uh sound you know it's not very easy I
get it but you know we don't have to be perfect with your accent you just need
to pronounce correctly that letter is actually not scary at all it's simply a
double s that's it and actually many times you can replace it with a double s
especially online now I'd be a mess if I didn't mention of course the German
capitalizes their nouns that is a very important part of how things are spelled you just need to get used to that it's not a big deal there's not much to it I
don't know why they do it but at the end of the day they do it you just learn
okay it's a noun it has to be capitalized that's it so again not much
there when it comes to pronunciation when it comes to spelling it is quite
straightforward and as long as you know the rules and there are not that many of
them you're gonna be fine here's what German can get a bit tricky
unfortunately that is compound words German has quite a few of those just
like a glutinative and they stick words together and it kind of becomes one huge word sometimes such as the one that you see on the screen not even gonna attempt to read that it's it's one of the my least favorite things about the German
language I'm gonna admit but it is something that you're gonna have to get
used to that's just the way it is so how does it work for example in English if
you would say Treehouse that's usually two separate words but in German they
form one Mega word so again it's like the one that you just saw but also when
it comes to Treehouse that is much easier it's just bomb house simple and
nice but still you just kind of stick the two words together in a way that
doesn't happen in English or take the word group in price Google group and price which yes it means price but again you stick them together and German loves
doing that to take another word again it becomes long it becomes a bit more
difficult to use than it is in English what can you do as long as we don't
encounter too many of like the huge one that I showed you before we're gonna be
fine but in general yes Germany has a lot of compound words yes there's something to get used to and a lot of the times it makes it a bit easier
because for example for many words you don't actually need to have an entirely new word you can just stick to words that you already know together and that's how you form a new word so that can make it even yeah
first it can be a bit frustrating but then you're like oh this seems to be
easier than English why because you don't actually need to borrow from Greek
and Latin to make new words like English often does but you can just stick to
words that already exist in the German language together and make a new word so
yeah compound words are something that I have a little bit of a love and hate
relationship with but it's something that is important for you to know if
you're a German learner to keep an eye out to make sure that you notice those
patterns so that you're able to form those words more naturally and to know
what is a real word and what isn't because that can be a dangerous sometimes as well German is a gendered language yeah that can be a bit tricky if you're not used to gender in your native
language for me it's also tricky although my native language has three
genders as they're German so in German the three genders are represented by
three different articles there the Das and those articles they change depending
on the case and we're gonna get into cases in just a little bit but every
single word has a gender and articles aren't Gonna Change according to their
gender so what do you do so I actually think that the rules can be useful here
because a lot of the times certain endings mean a certain gender in German
for example for feminine nouns nouns that end in um height and shaft are
usually feminine sometimes there's no rules for example nouns that end in ER
or ER those can be and even three genders so you don't really know always there's some exceptions some endings are very common for certain gender than others can be across all genders and you don't really know and so there are some
roast that you can look up a lot of the times people say you should memorize
each new noun that you learn with the word you know I don't encourage
memorization of words as in World memorization of isolated words and just
like going through a word list you normal against that you know against flashcards Etc so if you're new to my channel
yeah I am against that and I am because I think that words out of context I mean
nothing as also gender out of context means nothing so you're not gonna learn
that gender the way that usually you're advised to learn it just like learn it
with the word and you're gonna be great I don't think so I don't think that
you're going to be great I think it's going to be difficult so what's happened
to many German Learners when they try to do that including me by the way is to
get super frustrated but I think it's much better to look at the common index
for certain genders you can do that because it helps you notice it helps
gender stick in the head somehow but that's about it that's the only thing I
advise some common endings you know that announcing on Karo is going to be feminine great that's amazing that can help but don't try to memorize each noun
with its own gender that's the advice I got at school and I think it's wrong
because it doesn't help you speak at the end of the day it just makes you super
frustrated because guess what you're not a computer you're not going to be able
to memorize dictionary but that aside how do you learn well as always I will
encourage learning in context and I think it's very easy actually a lot of
times it's very easy to recognize what a noun is feminine and when it's not at
least for me it's always easy to say if a noun is feminine or not German
feminine nouns are just it's really easy to organize when they're feminine just
because of their endings and just it's just like very straightforward a lot of
times there's very rarely that you're not gonna know when a noun is feminine I
don't know why it's just a bit easier to recognize but then once I know a noun is not feminine is it masculine or is it neuter
I don't know it's really difficult sometimes so and memorizing doesn't help
me solve that problem so what I do a lot of the times is I recommend get a lot of
exposure and you're gonna start picking up the gender rewards and when to use it
naturally you're going to be able to use the correct articles the correct
adjectives Etc once you get a lot of exposure it is not about trying to
remember the article of every word because that doesn't flow out naturally
in a sentence so do a lot of exposure and with time you're going to pick up the gender of words naturally and if you make a mistake it's not a big deal
because we all make mistakes in language learning that something we should be
very comfortable with something else that scares quite a lot of speakers when
it comes to German is the use of cases but there's only four in the German
language so I think that it's not that big of a deal because in many other
languages you have more there's some languages with so many like Finnish or Hungarian and Germany it's actually one of the languages with the fewest cases
and one of those cases the genitive is Barely Used in everyday speech so if you
want to be able to write proper German and like a very formal statements or
papers or anything like that then maybe you need to know genitive but actually I
think that if you're interested in just communicating in German as in everyday
speech you don't necessarily need to know the genitive so that really makes
it three cases and really one of them is the nominative which is kind of like the
base case so really it's only two that you need to worry about and distinguish
which are accusative and detective when it comes to gender and when it comes to
case there's those huge tables of like how each noun and adjective an article
inflects according to gender and case and number and it's just this huge
memorization thing which you already saw right here like all of these charts
don't fall for that trap that I did when I was I don't know 12. do not fall for
it do not try to memorize same thing as for gender do not try to memorize case
endings you can read about when a certain cases used in another risk if you're interested simply as a way to just no more to just realize why this
noun is changing it can be helpful sometimes to know but don't try to
memorize the endings because at the end of the day it's not going to help again
as a gender The Cure is one and the same it is a lot of exposure so that you see
how nouns change and you kind of start to mimic that intuitively naturally the
way that children learn languages through lots and lots of input as opposed to again this piece of garbage something
else that I think that you should pick up quite a lot through context is
supposed to trying to memorize it is the plural in German because it is not as
simple as in English you don't simply add an S there's quite a few endings
that can be used to make the plural in German which are going to pop up on the
screen and um really it depends on the word there
are some rules you can follow most of the time it's difficult to know what's
going to happen what how a word is going to form its plural so truly it comes down to lots of input in general it's not that difficult but I think that is still is trickier than in English so a lot of the times it's about getting a
lot of that input and I think the plural comes naturally and easily it comes more easily than gender in my opinion so it is not something to worry about but it
might be useful before you start getting lots of German input to Simply develop that ability to notice those Endings by just reading a little bit about them and
seeing what they're about so that you are better prepared shared with those
endings later on when you encounter them in your reading and you know watching
YouTube videos whatever you can be much more receptive to them and open to them
if you've kind of seen them a little bit once before so I'd recommend to just get
a head start on that and see the different endings in German and what
words are commonly used with now on to the last point which is German verbs
German verbs can be quite daunting to anybody that starts to learn German
which is why I want to cover them so that you know what to expect you can be
prepared when you're starting to learn German here's the thing German verb placement can be tricky because sometimes you see the subject
verb object structure as it is in English and you think this is quite easy
but then other times you see the verb jump around all over the sentence most
often at the end and you're like why well at the end of the day really the
second Concept in a German sentence should be the verb I love this Rule and
that is why I'm mentioning it here in this video because I think it simplifies
so much about German so much about the mystery of German verbs and how they behave and why do they jump around Etc I think this is a super useful concept
let's see some examples as you see the verbiote is the second
place right after the subject that is very simple and it is just like in
English I want to buy a computer let's take for
example this sentence when Duluth has constitute's common so the first class is the first thing here so when you want to when you feel
like it you can come with us so that whole part when you feel like it we want
to that is the first part here and then what is the rule that needs to be
followed by a verb so can't do so it's not really a question you see
that inversion of verb and subject which in many languages can mean as a question
it's not really a question it is simply about following that rule a lot of the
times actually German verbs are gonna go to the end of the sentence but that
usually happens when they're in different class in a sentence so not in
the main one take a look at this so C hat is the verb to have conjugated
in the third person and it goes to the end of the sentence you see that the
word mutton again it's conjugated in the third person and it's right after e or
he and so it just follows this super simple structure as in English but then when you have the explanation about when is he gonna buy a new car when he has
some money then that explanatory part of the sentence usually keeps the verb at the end and so
that's why you see a lot of those German verbs that come at the end of the
sentence and you have all of these words that are so many nouns and adjectives
and adverbs right there in the middle and they're just you're just waiting for
the verb up right until the very end that's why interpretation in German is
actually super hard and if you're a German interpreter I commend you because
this is really a very tough thing to do just keep all that information in your
mind and just wait for the verb to come because then you would need to translate
the opposite way you need to say the verb first and then the other
information in most languages let's take another example again we are we have this subordinate
clause that's explaining when should I call you oh when I have problems okay
and it simply goes to the end of the sentence many times especially when
there's like another verb or like verb article like with model verbs with
certain tenses the formation of those tenses the main verb just goes to the end of the sentence and so I think it's good to know a little bit of those rules that told you about about you know how the second thing has to be the verb or
how you know the verb can go to the end of the sentence when you're actually
it's in a subordinate clause Etc but really the most important thing in this
case is to just get a lot of German input because then you get this natural
feeling about when to use it and I think this is one of the easiest things about
German yes although that sounds super weird actually the way this sentences
are structured it's really it comes very quickly to you once you get some German
input that is one of the first thing that you start to do automatically just
putting the verb at the end of the centers putting inverting the verb all
of those things they come very easily and they come much more quickly through
input than cases or articles the declension Etc or like what um gender or
word is that can that is actually that's still tough for me but the order of
verbs that actually comes really quickly it's surprising how quickly this will
feel natural to you this is a very input based thing and I think it will come
much faster than for example your notion for what is feminine what is masculine
what is newer I think that this input will give it to you much more quickly
input will solidify word order for you much more quickly than it was solid by
other points of grammar so it is not as scary I really want to use this video to
tell you this thing that you find so scary about for German verbs it's really
not and I think that's important to keep in mind because it keeps you from
freaking out over German something similar that is also something that you
can get used to quite quickly is separable verbs so those are verbs that
are usually they have their own normal form with no prefixes but then they also
have this form with a prefix so machen is to to make to do and then
is to close something so obviously two just gives the word an entirely different meaning and that happens with many many German verbs and usually that
particle is totally separable and moves around in the sentence for example close the door you see that Zoo kind of jumped at the
end of the sentence and that is really common in German and many verbs do it
and again it's something that seems scary at the
beginning but it is easy to get used to what is difficult is to know the meaning
of those verbs the different meaning that the particles in part because one
verb can have so many different meanings depending on what particle you put in front of it and for that that is of course vocabulary learning basically
which really is best answer input but I think that also when it comes to using
those verbs that is much easier to get used to just you know stick that
particle at the end of the sentence that is something that's going to come to you
quite quickly with very little input and really remembering all the different
meanings is what it's what's going to come through exposure but it's going to
come a bit slower so again not to worry about this you are going to be able to separate those verbs very quickly knowing their meaning is going to take some time but again keep reading keep listening keep watching videos and you
are gonna get there and let's talk about our connective or subjective yeah unfortunately it's not just a romance languages I have it German has it too
and trust me I'm a person that used to hate this objective but I have become Superior status with learning a lot of languages you encounter in so many and
yeah it's just I think I think that is necessary so how does it work in German
there's two types type one is a type that's used most in indirect speech so
whenever you're saying what somebody else said and you're just kind of
retelling that and part two is actually used in a lot of ways a little bit
similar to the romance languages in terms of expressing wishes desires Etc
but it's also used in terms of expressing theories or for example
forming the conditional forming polite phrases so I really think that what you
should focus on and pay attention to and learn is really the second form of the
subjective the one that is used for polite phrases for wishes Etc because
the first form of the subjunctive which is used basically mostly in news you
don't really use it in everyday speech people don't use it when they're
retelling events in every speech it's mostly used in formal news coverage so I
would not bother with it at all and I actually don't battle with it at all I
just want to bother with the second form of the subjective because you actually
need it and listen unless you gonna set a language exam in German I don't see
the point in learning something that you're never gonna use that you simply
don't need the unfortunate part is it has a present and a past form and you
kind of gotta learn those but at the end of the day actually I don't think it's a
very difficult enjoyment because it's just it's common in a lot of everyday
phrases and you kind of learn to pick it up from that what do I mean for example
the phrase out like she would use I don't know in a
restaurant or something it's one of the first phrases that you learn in German
it's super common and the subjective is used in quite a lot of super common
phrases and that really helps you pick it up subconsciously and especially in
those phrases that you'll mostly be using it in you already kind of know it
through that process of just simply learning the phrase through context so
you don't necessarily need to fret over the different conjugations of the subjective and all of that stuff it's truly not a big deal and that is what I
love about the German subjunctive that it's really even from the beginning you can learn to use some of those phrases they're set kind of they're very common and that can help you pick up the subjective without necessarily learning
the finer grammar points too much so as always simply pay attention to it when
you come across certain books see whenever a verb is kind of changed and
you don't think it's normal anymore that usually means it's a subjunctive and so
you can notice that form and that's going to help you learn it but really it
is used quite a lot in German the second form of the subjunctive so pay attention
to that and completely ignore the first that'll be my advice as I said unless
you're setting a German fluency exam and to go out on the grammar note numbers in
German are actually something that some Learners are concerned about but I just
don't think it's that huge of a deal for example if which would be the equivalent
of saying in English 5 and 50 instead of 55 so it's really this little change
that actually in the beginning it's quite annoying but then a little bit of
time passes and then you do it naturally with saying the ones place first I know
it can be frustrating but it is not if you haven't seen my French video then
you know what the pain in numbers are in French and you know that can really put
things into perspective and make you feel better about German numbers so what
variety of Germans should you learn if you've seen my other videos you probably
know my opinion that forehead it doesn't matter as much and I usually say that
about other languages but I cannot say that about German there's so many
varieties in German there and they are quite different from each other for
example Hawk Deutsch is the standard form of turmeric means High German versus low German or versus different Regional dialects such as Swiss German
or Austrian German they're quite different now High German does not mean
high as in it's better than the others that name comes from Simply the fact
that there was a sound shift that took place in areas of high elevation
mountainous areas of Germany which is where this name comes from as opposed to areas of low elevation and low German is usually something that's spoken by older people these days not so much by the young population the standardization of
the language has made hulkbarch the standard but if you go to other german-speaking countries in particular you are going to hear a lot of dialects that are not hooked origin for example in Switzerland Swiss German is extremely difficult for me I'll say that it's not something that
I can understand easily it is something that is tough to understand has no
written standards so it's really about just hearing that German and at the end
of the day it is something that you do need extra exposure to do but it can be
very difficult sometimes to learn those dialects especially if like Swiss German
they don't have a written standard so what do you do I think really hot watch
is a good base for German but then if you want to live in Switzerland for
example you are gonna need to pick up the local it's different and that's not
just my opinion of somebody that's not fluent in German yet that is also
something that I've heard from quite a few native German speakers especially
those of course those that haven't lived in Switzerland right those that have
simply traveled there often say I can't understand this and so it's not like
other languages where you can get away with learning whatever variety you want
and then it's kind of like okay I'm okay I can switch in between different
accents there's a few different words Etc but it's fine with German oftentimes it's not fine because really dialects are quite diverse so if there's a
certain dialect that you like stick with it I think Hawk torch is good because
it's so Universal it's like the literally German it's everywhere uh it's
something that is used in writing as opposed to some of the dialects so it's
a good place to start but if you're interested in living or working in a
particular country or for example the culture of a particular country and
you're very specific about learning a certain dialect of German I think it's
good to have a lot of content from that country and maybe use VPN maybe get a
lot of local books listen to a lot of local radio I don't know it's just very
important to get a lot of that input if you want to because it's not that easy
to switch between dialects so German so think carefully about what version you want to learn before you begin and that was it that was my German Master guide
as always I try to be responsive and to answer as many questions as you guys
have so let me know in the comments if I missed something you want me to talk
about it usually in those videos of course I cannot cover everything about
the language but I try to make them as inclusive as possible and cover as many
useful points as possible like And subscribe if you like the video of
course and smash the notification Bell so that you can see when I upload my
next video thank you so much for watching this video to the very end if you did let me know what you thought of it let me know if you have any questions
and I would love to see you guys here next week so until then bye bye

=== SOURCE #75 (ID: qi9MnDgu-Rs) ===
if you want to master the German
language but need a proven road map to get you there then this video is for you
today I'm going to break down my fluency method that I apply for my own language
learning and that is also the core strategy that I teach my students inside
my signature program the German fluency Academy I'm a German native speaker and
polyot so English is not my mother tongue even though I get this question a
lot and I also speak kentones menarin and French on a conversational level now
I'm not telling you this to show off or anything but rather to show you that
this strategy that I'm going to teach you today is a proven system that I've
repeatedly applied and that you can use for your German learning as well so if
you're ready to Kickstart your German learning successfully then give me a
thumbs up and make sure to stick around till the end of this video to learn the
full strategy cuz each part is crucial and need to be applied together
otherwise it's not going to work I've also created an ebook which is a
five-step guide on how to become fluent in German that you can download for free
the link is in the description box below if you're new here hello and had com by
speak fluent German my name is salom and this channel is dedicated to helping you
build your confidence and conversation skills in German so if this sounds like
something you need in your life then make sure to subscribe and hit the
notification Bell so you don't miss any of my weekly lessons and now without
further Ado let's get started Lis Gates the foundation of the fluency pyramid is
your why why are you learning German this is super important important to
figure out because it will help you to keep on studying even when you don't
feel like it or you face tough times knowing why you're learning will push
you to overcome challenges and stick with it so take a moment to think about
why you're learning German and share it in the comments below are you moving to
a German speaking country is it for your job do you have German speaking people
in your life being clear about your reason is so so important because just
saying oh learning German would be nice won't be enough enough to become fluent
the next step is to become confident in real life conversations and by confident
I don't mean that it has to be perfect I understand this might be obvious but
you'd be surprised how many people would rather play on dualingo all day long or
do grammar drills instead while these activities do help you improve your
language skills they won't help you to become conversational in the language
the main reason we're learning languages is to communicate so you need to be able
to talk and have conversations with people in the German fluency Academy my
students start speaking from day one of course you need to get to a certain
level to hold a full conversation but that shouldn't stop you from
implementing simple phrases into your daily life if you're just getting
started my students also go through an intense training in pronunciation to
really help boosting their confidence in speaking and to build a solid foundation
I know it sounds easier said than done especially if you don't live in a geran
speaking country yet but in today's Digital World of apps and social media
there are various ways of connecting with native speakers even outside of the
German speaking countries take Wes for example he is one of my students in the
German fluency Academy and lives in the US he has connected with a local group
of native speakers and meets up with them on a regular basis this has not
only done wonders to his language skills but also he has found a new group of
friends now how cool is that if you feel like you're not quite at the level yet
to hold a conversation with a native and would like some help with building a
good foundation I'll link the information to the German fluency
Academy below so the next crucial part of the fluency strategy as I mentioned
earlier is natural pronunciation I encourage you to start working on saying
words correctly right from the beginning many times I've seen people learning
German totally neglecting pronunciation and it's not their fault when you look
at how German textbooks and traditional language courses are set up you often
find only a few pronun conciliation exercises at the end of each chapter and
most of the time the focus is on grammar drills to help you pass a certain exam
instead of actually helping you become confident in your conversational skills
this can be a problem when you advance to higher levels because people may
still have trouble understanding you even though you've put in a lot of time
and effort to learn German at this point and that can be very frustrating so what
can you do to improve your pronunciation here are four major tips that I found
very helpful my own language learning journey and that I also teach my
students number one you want to pick short parts from a song or a video
ideally something that comes with a transcript platforms like deela for
example are great for this you choose a short part and then read it out loud and
record yourself then you compare your recording to the original to see which
sounds you need to work on all right tip number two repeat after native speakers
okay so this is actually a really fun one that I would do to practice my
pronunciation and Mandarin or cantones so if I'd hear a new word or word of
which I find the pronunciation kind of difficult I would repeat what that
person has said now depending on the circumstance you might not be able to do
it out loud but you can at least do it in your head instead if you think about
it that's how babies learn to speak they repeat everything they hear I really
love this strategy because it doesn't take more time out of your day and you
learn new words in context if you've been around for a while you know I
always recommend learning vocabulary and context instead of trying to memorize
lists and lists of words tip number three is to actively ask for feedback
from native speakers if you don't know what you're doing wrong then how are you
supposed to improve right so ask people around you to correct you even if it
might feel uncomfortable in the beginning and lastly look up words that
you don't know how to pronounce lingui is a great tool for that so don't be
lazy on this one the next block of the fluency pyramid is essential grammar
only yes grammar is important in any language and I won't say you can become
fluent without it however it shouldn't overwhelm you or even worse stop you
from learning German in everyday spoken German we don't apply all of the grammar
structures start with focusing on the basics and what is relevant for spoken
German so here's a list of things I suggest you to study in the beginning
conjugation of verbs in the present and past tenses familiarize yourself with
pronouns and the various articles like definite indefinite or the possessive
articles then understand the German case system and how it changes pronouns
articles and adjective endings and learn about basic sentence structure focus on
these at the start and you can tackle more advanced topics later as a bonus if
this feels overwhelming I highly suggest to check out my free training for
beginners in which I go through some of the basics the link to register for the
60-minute value pack training is in the description box below next study useful
vocabulary only in order to Converse in daily life you don't need to know every
single word in the dictionary you need the words that are relevant for your
daily life and for things you like to speak about I have a couple of videos on
this channel to help you improve your vocabulary game in no time so make sure
to check these out next for more tips the biggest mistake however I see German
Learners make is to try to memorize long lists of words that can be very
frustrating and to be honest boring in the long run so my biggest tip is to
learn words in context and revise them actively by applying them in your own
speech the words that we use are going to stick a lot faster language learning
strategy to make faster progress you need the right strategies in place
remember we want to learn smarter and not harder so what does that mean in
Practical steps first of all consistency is key consistently studying for shorter
periods like 30 minutes daily is more effective than trying to cram everything
into your brain in a very long session make make it a daily habit also practice
with a language partner becoming fluent happens when you actually talk to people
language partner is a great way to practice and prepare to use German in
real life and most importantly be patient progress takes time and learning
a language doesn't happen overnight it takes time and practice so be patient
with yourself so we have arrived at the top of the fluency pyramid and I think
this is one of the most important part of learning a language successfully
which is fun if you enjoy the process you will be consistent you will have
patience and you're more capable of embracing mistakes so switch things up
don't just follow textbook the whole time or play on language apps get out
there and apply what you've learned the world out there is the best classroom
you can get and that's also where all the fun is so here you have it my
fluency method your why confidence in real life conversations natural
pronunciation essential grammar useful vocabulary language learning strategy
and fun so I hope you have found today's video helpful and I was able to save you
from a lot of mistakes I made in my own language learning Journey I'll be back
next week with another lesson for you guys [Music] Che

=== SOURCE #76 (ID: drq05Zcpz00) ===
Hello. This video is not going to be in German,
but I did want to show you what you guys can accomplish after you follow this
plan. This video is especially for you if you have ever felt frustrated with
your lack of improvement in German or you are looking to learn German in the
new year and you don't know where to start. Do make sure to stay till the end
of this video because this video is literally going to give you from week
zero to week 52. Okay, stay with me and let's go to my presentation. We are
going to make sure that we are covering grammar, vocabulary, reading, writing,
listening, and speaking. This blueprint does assume that you are learning German
from zebra. I will leave chapters marked in the video so you can skip around even
if you're at A2, B1. This also assumes that you define fluency as having
reached a V2 just to standardize it for the purpose of this video. Each of the
months display up to four weeks only. Some months will obviously have five
weeks and some extra days outside of just those four weeks. Right? So
whenever this happens, use those to review your weaknesses or what you need
to review from the month prior. Pencils of different colors to color code.
Notebook for building your personal vocabulary list. grammar that you want
to write down. I also want to note we are starting this video in January, but
you can adjust this year long plan to whatever month you start German in.
Okay, I did make a free language learning habit tracker for you. So,
there is an easier way to track your German learning. Just go to the comments
and sign up for it. Okay, so week zero, before you even start this plan, create
your three YouTube channels that you like. if you want to add that as just an
additional resources for listening outside of regular study time and
keeping variety included in your German study plan. Now, if you are confused
about where to even start for finding out what YouTube channels you might
like, then I included this. It's also in the description, so make sure to check
out that video. The next thing you're going to do in week zero is locate your
two base resources. So, Nico's vague is what we are going to use as our primary
base resource. And then Intelene is going to be our supplementary base
resource. And I'll go more into what these are. Use Mikos as I said before.
And it's a great listening vocab and grammar combo. It is truly one of the
most comprehensive free video courses that I have ever seen for German. One
lesson per day and complete 30 to 31 lessons by the end of the month. Now,
some grammar will overlap with our supplemental resource in the but this is
good. We do need that repetition and it's good to be introduced and exposed
at least to new concepts and vocabulary in different useful contexts, right?
Even if it's through a worksheet and it's not through Nico's vague. Also, the
same thing goes for German YouTube channels. So, if you're seeing something
that you have never run into before, whether that be a vocabulary or grammar,
a structure you are not familiar with, that is also very normal. Again, early
exposure and even to things that we don't fully understand is still positive
for you. This is an absolutely great resource to have additional practice
outside of the video course for Nikico's vague. And then we have here review and
implementation time, which is just reviewing vocabulary and grammar learned
from the above programs with the chosen vocabulary review app. Okay. I always
recommend an additional 30 minutes added to about two times per week to focus
solely on this mentation time. Monkey has all decks for all of Nico's vague A1
to B1. So it really saves you time not having to make those cards yourself so
you can get right to active studying. Okay. Now you will remember that I
talked about a notebook that you can write down for your personal vocabulary
list. So you can also review that. just read over it in your review and
implementation time. You can also review any handouts, uh, printouts or digital
copies of worksheets or charts or your own grammar notebook from your base
resources. So far, we have Monday to Friday about 30 minutes Nikicove about
30 minutes YouTube channel and we're going to pick that instead of Enthulene.
The first two days again we're going to replace the uh enthuline suggestion
because we really want to work on learning the alphabet and you're going
to learn it while shadowing pronunciation from a YouTube channel.
You'll also get to hear the common expressions, greetings, German pod 101
alphabet as well as beginner phrases help your ears attune to the language.
Now, I will say if this is your very first foreign language, it is best to
know the grammar terminology first. And this can be done within the lean cheat
sheet seen here. I would highly recommend spending extra time outside of
your 1 hour per day reviewing this guide for 5 to 10 minutes at least for the
first month. Okay? So, you're not slowed down during studying when you don't know
what a grammar term means. This really slowed me down when I was self-studying
German because you feel like you have to reference, okay, what is the pect? What
is the pusb? Really if you are new to language learning and you learn more of
the grammar of your own target language or of English that you already know then
it becomes easier to learn the grammar of another language. Trust me on this.
So after that these first initial two days you're going to finish the first
seven lessons of Nico's vague. Now, please be aware any of the plan that
you're going to see whether from month 1 up until month 12, okay? You can follow
this to a tea, but it is also meant to just be a base guideline for you, right?
If you don't have any sort of free time on Mondays, you can double the study
time for Tuesdays. But don't beat yourself up if you can't follow the plan
absolutely exactly 100%. So, especially during the very first week since we are
getting used to the language and sometimes what Nikico's fig presents us
with in some of the very first episodes, it can feel very fast. Lesson seven,
this is a great example for where you can start using the supplemental
resource in order to support what you're learning in Nikico's vague. So, lesson
seven is VO and the focus for that grammar lesson in Nikico is on the
present tense. If you feel like you need more help with different explanations of
understanding verb conjugations, you can also scroll down to inolene and you can
open up this worksheet for extra practice with verbs. Then you can fill
in any extra time gaps with the three YouTube channels that you do enjoy and
or you can add extra review and implementation time for this month. So,
by the end of month 1, you should have at least 28 lessons done with Nico's
vague. The main differences that you're going to see from month 1 to month two
are you are going to double the consumption of Nico's vague because we
had a really good warm up in month one to how the program is laid out and what
we can generally expect from its format. We're also going to include a huge
review week of A1 material at the end of the month. As you can see by the
increase of time, review plus implementation for 60 minutes and 60
minutes on Saturday and Sunday here. Again, if you need a little bit more
time to finish two lessons per day over 30 minutes this month, then be my guest.
You are not looking forward as much to using inolene only, you can also
substitute it with German.net, which is a great simple German drill website for
you to really practice grammar. But if you feel like inline is still a good
match, then keep it with you. Again, if you have been following this plan
exactly, you will have finished A1 around the third week of month 2. Okay?
So, use those rest of the 10ish days depending on the month that you're in to
review the course material that were your weak points from level A1 and or
finish up more supplemental exercises, listen to more uh German from your
YouTube channels, etc. For month three, main differences are we are going to yay
start Nikico's vague A2. We are going to add some writing practice. Don't worry,
it's not going to be too much. And we are going to add a language resource
audit at the beginning of the month, which you see here. First week, we're
going to start with Nikico's Vig A2. Minimum one lesson every day, anywhere
from 30 to 45 minutes. We also have our optional sort of supplemental resource
practice for anywhere from 15 to 30 minutes here in blue. And then we have
our optional listening. Now, what do I mean by language audit to include? We
are going to check in and you are going to ask yourself, are your YouTube
channel picks and supplemental practice resources still serving you? See if you
can tweak them by how you consume them or what you consume them with. And I'm
also hosting a live deep dive workshop on how to do an effective language
learning audit, especially when we are not sure what resources to go for or we
have too many. So make sure to also sign up for that. This is a great reflection
time to do that. Now for week two, everything is pretty much the same, but
we are going to go a little bit more into writing. If you are wanting more
details about how to write in a foreign language, even for beginners, then look
at the card above or in the description below, because I'll include my next
video for how to do just that and how to pick different topics for that. But
really, if you even get in three to five basic sentences of what you have been
learning up until A2 in German, then that is good enough for our writing
portion. Month four, our main differences are we are doubling the
consumption of Nikico's vague A2 and we are going to have a big review week of
A2 material at the end of the month because we're going to be able to
already have finished up the course by the end of that time and we're going to
alternate between speaking and writing practice for month four. So everything
is pretty much the same up until we get to the weekends. So for speaking do a 30
minute lesson wherever it says speaking, okay? And you can find really good
teachers on either Preply or italkie or any sort of vocabulary or grammar that
you might discover during your writing sessions. I would definitely record both
of those things into your grammar notebook and your personal vocabulary
notebook that we discussed at the beginning. I know that we can sometimes
develop a habit of not looking back at corrections once we are given them. So
be careful with that. We want to make sure that review time is very effective.
So, just write down and record your observations and make sure you at least
read through what you were corrected on once before ending your writing and
speaking sessions for this month. All right. And as you see here, we are done
with Nico's vague. You might be finishing Nico's vague a little bit
before the fourth week. So again, use any extra time to review all of your A2
material and any sort of A1 material that you feel like you need to. your
weak points of where you need more practice with whatever vocabulary or
grammar or structure. Those are going to become even more apparent as we enter
month four and we've started to end A2 focus and refine those weak points with
review for the end of this month. Here we go for May. Our main differences as
we enter month five is we are getting to start Nikico's vague B1. We're going to
add both writing and speaking practice on weekends and we are going to add a
language resource audit at the beginning of the month just like we did for month
three. We're going to swap your listening resources if needed as you
start noticing what gaps and skills you still need to fill or you start to
notice, hey, like these resources I was using for level A1 aren't working for
me. And the reason I upped our writing and speaking is because I'm guessing,
especially if we want to speak German, we really want to make sure that we're
not only writing down exercises, we are also being able to actively produce the
language. This is the main reason why people can study a language in school
for like 4 years and they understand grammar and they understand listening,
but they can't speak and respond back, right? you are training totally
different muscles in your mouth, your ears, as well as the sight of when you
see other people talking, when you are actively working on speaking. So, we're
going to really focus on putting out output so we don't run into that same
problem as we are learning German and hope you really spontaneously use the
grammar and vocabulary you have been working so hard on. the way you start
dividing up your time between using Nico's vague and supplemental based
resources plus additional YouTube channels or other input. They may start
deferring a little bit more as you learn even more about your weaknesses as you
approach this level. Okay? You may find you've got this and do more than one
lesson a day. You may find that you know datative and accusive differences are
your weak points. So you need to do more supplemental exercise instead of more
lessons in Nico's vague for one day etc. It is truly okay to adjust this B1
routine to working more on things you need. By month six, this is our second
B1 month. We are not going to do a language learning audit. We're going to
replace that instead with our very active, more spontaneous output
production. As we head into month seven, we are already finishing up B1 of the
Nikico's Big course, if you can believe it. We're going to do our typical
language learning audit here just to make sure that our resources are fitting
our goals, that they are still useful and effective. Feel free to swap around
resources as you like. But again, we're limiting our input to just three at any
given time. So, if you're using any books or podcasts or language channels,
make sure to just limit it to three at a time. The last 7 to 10 days, you're
already going to be done with Nico's vague B1 if you have been working
diligently every single day to finish the course. If you haven't, then it
might take you a little bit longer and you might go into finishing the course
in the very last week. Whatever day you do finish, make sure to use those days
as really good review days when you aren't using the course anymore. And
we're still going to continue with our writing and speaking, writing and
speaking, writing and speaking out practice on the weekends.
Now we're entering month 8. Our main differences are we are going to swap
Nikico's vague for LingoD slides. You can download all of their materials from
there without ever needing to book a class with the site if you don't want
to. Now, if you don't like my suggestion for Lingod Slides, you can use your own
preferred base resource. We're going to increase study time to minimum two hours
per day. And we're going to talk at least once a week with a teacher or a
tandem partner, ideally with both because they cover different things. A
tandem partner is going to be for your day-to-day
talking, chatting, and being able to even write in real time what you are
going through with German. I especially like Hello Talk for this because you can
see the errors that you make in the language, especially when trying to
implement all of the grammar spontaneously that you've learned up
until reaching a B1. Also, just be prepared for the fact that in month 8,
you will most likely be more personalized and picky with resources
you want to use again because you've gotten to know yourself thus far for 7
months as a language learner learning German. So, you are going to keep
noticing your weaknesses and preferences for learning style. At this point, we're
also going to increase the limit of listening or other input resources for
reading from three to maximum using five resources at any given time. Again, to
reduce the overwhelm, but give you a little bit more variety about what you
are using. So again, if you want to use any sort of graded readers or different
podcasts, switch up YouTube channels you're using, then be my guest. Now,
technically speaking, if you go from month 8 up until month 12 doing one
lesson of LingoD every single day, you will be able to accumulate all the
knowledge you need in order to reach a solid B2 and even start studying for
passing the B2 exam. only if you go at the rhythm of what this uh this study
plan suggests. So, the reason I haven't made an upside for month 9 up until 12
is because it's basically going to look like this, except, you know, probably at
least two more times throughout month 9 through 12. I do still suggest you do a
language learning audit for your resources just to make sure they're
still interesting for you. It is very personalized from here. But again, if
you do follow this sort of formula, then you will have accumulated the knowledge
that you need in order to confidently establish yourself at a B2 from month 8
up until month 12. If you're not starting from January necessarily with
this uh study plan, then ideally you will have finished all of your base
resource, which would be according to this plan, the Lingod slides. And if you
have been sticking consistently to your lessons to your review and
implementation time, especially to really integrating the corrections as
you get them from your teachers, from your tandem partners, then I promise
your possibility for success is very high by the end of this year. However,
if you do feel like you are struggling with a lot of either mental or any more
logistical or emotional barriers and you would like to get unblocked and
accelerate your progress, I love to coach language learners on all of these
aspects. So, do make sure to book a call in the comments below to see if we would
be a good fit to work together. Other than that, leave me in the comments any
questions you may have. I'd be happy to answer them for you. and I'll see you in
another video

=== SOURCE #78 (ID: MzyVomPKNRo) ===
Eğer Almanca'da küçük konuşmalardan sıkıldıysanız ve gerçek bir iletişim istiyorsanız o zaman bu video sizin için. Herkese merhaba, ben Ruri Bugün konuşmak istediğim şey: Almanca'yı nasıl öğrendim ve de Almanca öğrenmek hakkında birkaç ipucu ve kısayol vermek istiyorum. O zaman, başlayalım. Her şey, her zaman olduğu gibi açıklama kısmındaki ayrılmış bölümlerde olacak. O yüzden ilginizi çeken bölüme direkt geçiş yapabilirsiniz. O yüzden, haydi başlayalım İlk olarak, Almanca geçmişimden bahsetmeme izin verin. Türkiye'de bir çeşit Alman-Türk Uluslararası Lisesi'nde okudum. 1 yıllık hazırlık senemiz vardı sadece Almanca gördüğümüz. Diğer yıllar birincil yabancı dil olarak Almanca gördük. Ancak Biyoloji, Kimya, Matematik ya da bunun gibi dersleri Türkçe aldık. Ayrıca bir yıllık değişim programına katıldım Aslında 6 ay, Berlin'de YFU'yla (Youth For Understanding - Türk öğrenci değişim programı) Gönüllü ailemin evinde kalıyordum. "Demek Alman-Türk Uluslararası Lisesi'nde okudun ve kendini değiştirmedin. Almanca öğrenmek kolay, değil mi?" diye düşünebilirsiniz. Ancak bu o kadar da kolay değil. İlk olarak, değişim programından önce de akıcı bir Almanca'ya sahiptim. ve ikinci olarak Benimle aynı okulda okuyup, benimle değişim programına katılan ancak Almanca'da o kadar da iyi olmayan insanlar tanıyorum. Yani O yüzden gerçekten nasıl çalıştığınıza ve bir dil öğrenirken zamanınızı nasıl harcadığınıza bağlı, aynı eğitimiz alsanız bile Değil mi? O yüzden... Bir dil öğrenmek için değişim programına katılmanıza gerek yok Örnek olarak İngilizceyi kendi başıma öğrendim. Bunun hakkında da bir videom var, onu da izleyebilirsiniz. Yani... Bahana bulmak kolaydır, herkes bunu yapabilir. Ama zor olan şey; Aslında Neler yapabileceğinin farkına varmak, Bütçeniz, ve böyle şeyleri yapmak, değil mi? O yüzden... Ayrıca, böbürlenmek gibi olmasın ama Lisemdeki Almanca derslerinde en iyi öğrencilerinden biriydim. Notlarımı burada görebilirsiniz. Her zaman Almanca sınavlarından 100 üzerinden 95 alırdım ki bu da bayağı bayağı iyi "Almanca'da çok iyi olan kız" olarak bilinirdim. Sanırım bana güvenebilirsiniz. Sizlere kullandığım yöntemleri göstereceğim. Tamamdır Öyleyse, haydi birincisinden başlayalım. Pekala, ilk olarak: Öğretmeninizi taklit etmek. Bu ne anlama geliyor? Yani, basit olarak: Eğer bir sınıftaysanız ya da online okuldaysanız. Bir öğretmeniniz var, değil mi? Öğretmeniniz yaptığı HER ŞEYİ taklit edeceksiniz. Yüz ifadelerini, bilirsiniz... mimiklerini, hareketlerini ve bir cümleyi nasıl kurduklarını ve kendilerini nasıl ifade ettiklerini nasıl telaffuz ettikleri istisnasız her şeyi temel olarak nasıl yaptıkları hepsini kopyalayacaksınız. Özellikle öğretmenininiz Native* ise.
Native: Doğal olarak o dili konuşan kişi Native'lerin, konuştuklarında hareketlerinin ve mimiklerinin çok doğal olduğunu düşünüyorum ve yabancıların (öğretmenlerin) o dili konuşurken biraz daha endişeli olduklarını düşünüyorum ve pek de bir özgüven göremiyorsunuz. En azından benim için öyle. Öğretmeninizin yaptığı her şeyi kopyalayarak, onların özgüvenini, hareketlerini, mimiklerini... onların... temel olarak her şeyini kopyalamış oluyorsunuz. Konuştuğunuz zaman biraz daha özgüvenli olmaya başlayacaksınız. Dedikleri gibi: "Yapana kadar yapıyormuş gibi göster". Pekala, ikinci olarak Bu da yine yapımı birazcık tuhaf bir yöntem. Ama bu benim kendi yöntemim. ve gerçekten bunun çok yararını gördüm. Bir çeşit sınavlarımız vardı. ve bunlarda kelime bölümü de vardı. Ne zaman bu sınavları olsak 2 hafta kadar öncesinden... şu anda bahsettiğim seslendirmeyi yapardım. Nasıl yapacağınızı anlatmama izin verin. İlk olarak öğrenmek istediğiniz kelimelerin bir listesini yapmalısınız. Ayrıca bu kelimenin; Almanca açıklamasını ve kendi anadilinde anlamını yazmalısın. Yani, Yaptığınız listeyi şöyle okuyor olmalısınız: Tamamdır. Pekala, Öğrenmek istediğiniz kelimelerin bir listesini yapmış olmalısınız. Şimdi de seslendirmenizi yapacaksınız. Rastgele Almanca bir kelime seçtim ki size nasıl yaptığımı gösterebileyim. Seçtiğim kelime şu: “Geschwindigkeit” Ki bu da Almanca "hız" demek. “Geschwindigkeit”ın anlamını Almanca yazdım. ki bunun anlamı da: “Schnelligkeit und tempo” ve sonrasında, ayrıca anlamını Türkçe de yazdım. ki temel olarak anlamı "Hız". Pekala, şimdi seslendirmeyi yapacağım. Geschwindigkeit bedeutet (means=demek) Schnelligkeit und tempo “Geschwindigkeit bedeutet Schnelligkeit und tempo” “Geschwindigkeit , Schnelligkeit" und "Geschwindigkeit bedeutet Hız”. Yani, temel olarak kelimenin anlamını ilk olarak Almanca tekrar ediyorsun Sonrasında Türkçe. ve böylece sürekli tekrar ediyorsunuz. Bir kelime için 30 saniye seslendirme yapardım. Her zaman 30 kelimeden fazlası olurdu. O yüzden, kaydetmesi 15 dakika ya da 30 dakika sürecek. 14 gün boyunca, her günü bunu dinlerdim ve bunu sürekli dinleyeceğim. Biliyorum birazcık tuhaf. ve biliyorum biraz tüyler ürpertici. Ama güvenin bana gerçekten işe yarıyor. Fakat sadece bu yönteme güvenmeyin. Demek istediğim, çalışmanız da gerekiyor. Ancak bu sadece kelimeleri daha hızlı öğrenmeniz için tamamlayıcı bir ipucu gibi bir şey. Pekala şimdi, üçüncü olarak ise "Dil Sınıfları" Ayrıca offline dil sınıflarına da gittim.
*Belli bir mekanda belli saatte ders verilen ortam* Çünkü, gerçekten Online Dil Okulları hakkında bir şey bilmiyordum. Sadece tek bildiğim şey bazı Dil Uygulamalarının var olduğu idi. Fakat bazı Online Dil Okullarının var olduğunu bilmiyordum. Gerçekten bir şekilde Online Dil servisi alacağımı düşünmemiştim. Eğer Online Okul var olduğunu bilseydim %100 Online Dil Okuluna giderdim. Offline olan yerine Offline Dil Okuluna gitmeden önce bunu bilmeyi isterdim. Çünkü: İstanbul'da yaşıyorum ve burada trafik ber-bat ö-te-si, gerçekten berbat. Dil okuluma gitmem 3 ila 5 saat sürüyordu. Güvenin bana gerçekten çok korkunçtu. Dil okulundan sonra ayin gibiydim ve uyumak dışında başka bir şey yapamıyordum. Ve ayrıca Dünya'nın şu anki durumunu düşündüğün zaman Online Dil Okuluna gitmek sağlığınız için çok daha iyi olurdu, değil mi? Pekala, Bugün sizlerle paylaşmak istediğim şey: "Lingoda" Ki nazikçe bu videoya sponsor oldular. Lingoda, %100 para iadesini garantileyen bir Online Dil Okulu. Tüm derslerinize katılım sağlarsanız. Lingoda'nın sahip olduğu dil sınıfları: Almanca İngilizce Fransızca ve İspanyolca Lingoda ile hedeflerinizi 3 ay içinde gerçekleştirebilirsiniz. 35.000'den fazla insan bir önceki "Sprints'e" katıldı. Başarı hikayelerindeki pozitif yorumları okuduğumda çok etkilendim ve sizinle paylaşmak istedim. ve iyi haber şu ki bir indirim kodum var, sizler için. Sınıfları göstermeden önce, biraz daha Lingoda hakkında konuşmama izin verin. Lingoda bir numaralı, güvenilir, Avrupa kökenli bir okul. Fakat, Çok cüzi fiyatlar ki, ki çok sevdiğimiz bir şey değil mi? Tüm derslerinize katılamasanız bile, Sonunda sadece maksimum 5 kişiden oluşan küçük bir grup için 10€ ödeyeceksiniz. Doğal dilini konuşan öğretmenlerden öğreniyor olacaksınız ve küçük, online sınıfların içerisinde. 7/24 müsait. kendini ispatlamış yöntemlerle, ve uzmanlar tarafından dizayn edilmiş gerçek sonuç sağlayan müfredat. Dersler/Sınıflar hakkında konuşmama izin verin. Pekala, ilk olarak Lingoda sayfasını açıyorsunuz. vee "Giriş Yap"a tıklayacağım. ve giriş yaptım. "Derslerim" bölümü var ve sonrasında "Ders Seçme" bölümü "Kurslarım" ve "Uygulama" Pekala, Şimdi "Ders Seçme" bölümüne gireceğim. Burada, türlü türlü dil sınıfı seçebilirsiniz. Lingoda hakkında sevdiğim şey de bu. Çok esnemeye müsait. Yani programınıza uydurabilirsiniz. Offline Dil Okulu olduğu zaman hiç de esnemeye müsait değil. Çünkü; kendi vakitleri var, kendi planları var ve onların planlarına uymak zorundasınız. Ancak Lingoda ile onlar SİZİN planlarınıza uyar. Seviyenizi ayarlayabilirsiniz. Almanca'da C1 Dil Sertifikam var. O yüzden C1'e ayarlamama izin verin. Pekala, görebildiğiniz gibi bir çok türden bölümümüz var. Grammar Tamam. Pekala, "Class"a tıkladığınız zaman Ders için bir "Genel Bakış" ve de "Kazanım" kısmı var. ve Öğrenin Materyallerini indirebilirsiniz. Öğrenim Materyallerini bu şekilde veriyorlar. ve sonrasında ayrı olarak yakın zamanda gerçekleşecek, bu konu hakkında olan dersleri seçebilirsiniz. Biraz "Sprint"ler hakkında konuşmama izin verin. Sprintler 28 Nisan 2021'de başlar. ve 16 Nisan'a kadar kayıt olabilirsiniz. 2 farklı tür Sprint'imiz var. Pekala, birisi Super Sprint ikincisi Sprint. Super Sprint; üç ay boyunca, ayda 30 derse katılarak %100 geri ödeme aldığınız Sprint. İkinci Olarak ise Sprint. üç ay boyunca, ayda 15 derse katılarak %50 geri ödeme aldığınız Sprint. Sprint'e katılabileceğiniz diller: Almanca İngilizce Fransızca ya da İspanyolca vee Mesleki İngilizce. İki plan da 49€ depozito gerektiriyor. ve her planın ödemesi 3 aylık taksitlerle yapılıyor. Lingoda; eğer tüm sınıflarınıza eksiksiz katılırsanız harç ücretinizi, depozitonuz ile birlikte size geri ödeyecek. Daha fazla ilham verici hikayeler için, Instagram sayfalarını ziyaret edin. Şimdi kayıt olun. Benim kodumla ve böylece depozitonuzdan 10€ indirim alın. Sanırım hepsi bu kadardı. Lingoda'ya bu videoya sponsor oldukları için teşekkür ederim. Umarım hayatınıza biraz olsun değer katabilmişimdir. Umarım bu videoyu beğenmişsinizdir. Sıradaki videomda görüşürüz.

=== SOURCE #79 (ID: dZKaTLIKeMw) ===
in this video I will outline a plan to
learn German to a basic level of proficiency for beginning language
Learners if you are interested in how to best learn a language and want more
details consider buying my book which you can find in the description this
plan will take 250 to 350 hours of study depending on your focus and dedication
and it will cost you about $150 the first and most important step
is to gather your materials the most important book in
this plan is asmil German with ease for which you must also buy the audio
recordings this course is rather expensive but it contains hands down the
highest quality audio recordings for beginners German the next three books
the berlit self teer the Cortina method and German made simple are all older
methods and can be purchased for a few dollars each through AB ebooks.com or
Amazon all of these courses have two things in common first they contain a
substantial amount of German text and second they contain a complete English
translation parallel to the German text in General whenever you are picking
materials for beginning a language you want to make sure that each course has
either a complete facing translation or a complete answer key you gain nothing
from trying to guess at what a text means on your own and you substantially
slow down your progress if you ever have a doubt about the meaning of anything
you want to be able to find the answer immediately and not fumble around in
dictionaries and grammar books this is simply the most efficient way to learn
on your own once you have gathered your
materials the next step is to make a plan for how and when you will use them
as said follow following this plan you can arrive at a decent level of German
after 250 to 350 hours of study that works out to almost a year if you study
1 hour every day but it can be done much more quickly if you spend 2 3 4 or even
more hours each day studying I'm going to assume that you will be studying 1
hour per day and that it will take you about 250 hours but you need to be
flexible and constantly adjust your plan as you track your progress the
overarching structure of the plan is as follows for the first 100 days we will
be using the asml German with ease course at a rate of introducing one new
lesson per day from Days 101 to 120 you'll be using the Cortina method at a
rate of one new lesson per day from Days 121 to 135 you'll be working through the
berlit self teacher from Days 136 to 150 you'll be working through German made
simple and from Days 151 to 250 you're going to repeat and review
everything now that you have the overarching plan in place you must know
how to spend each hour of your studying time the goal of every hour you spend
studying is to expose yourself to As Much German as possible how well you
know a language correlates directly with how many sentences you have heard read
and understood so focus on maximizing the time that you spend reading
listening to and repeating the text the first 100 days are devoted to finishing
the asml course you should add one new lesson every day the first 30 minutes of
your study session should be devoted to review of the previous three lessons so
if lesson 11 is your new lesson for the day day you would start by reviewing
lesson 8 Once then reviewing lesson 9 twice and then lesson 10 three times
then you will spend 25 minutes studying lesson 11 your goal should be able to
read and listen to the text as many times as possible in those 25 minutes
you should end your hour by previewing the lesson for the following day every
seventh day you should not add a new lesson but rather review the previous
six lessons as many times as you can in an hour be sure to be flexible and
honest with yourself this may take long than 100 days if you are really not
understanding your most recent lessons you may have to take a day or even a
week off to review the entire course up until that point and then start moving
forward again you do not need to know everything perfectly but after the third
day of reviewing your lesson you should be able to read it from start to finish
without any help and also listen to it and understand it without looking at the
text if you can't do this stop and slow down and review until you can and then
move forward after you've gone through the Asal course in this way you should
start feeling more confident in your ability to understand German and your
brain and ear should have begun to grow accustomed to the sounds and rhythms of
German the next step is to spend about 50 days going through the other three
courses all of these have bilingual texts so you should not have too much of
a problem understanding them especially in the beginning lessons your goal with
each of these courses is to be able to take a lesson and read it from beginning
to end without having to look at the translation just as with the asml course
you should spend nearly half of your study session each day reviewing
previous lessons and the second half reading and repeating the new material
again if you ever feel stuck take a few days in which you do not add any new
material but rather review the previous lessons once you have made it through
all of these three courses which should take 50 to 100 hours the Final Phase
involves repeating and reviewing everything you have done so far so as to
consolidate your knowledge during this phase you should spend 45 minutes of
each hour repeatedly listening to the audio from the Asimo course while
following along in the text the remaining 15 minutes should be devoted
to gradually reworking through all of the three other
courses also during this last phase your German will be good enough to profit
from listening to the asmil dialogues outside of your hour of study as well so
let your daily lessons plan repeat while you are driving walking cleaning or
waiting in line to increase your exposure and to further assimilate the
information and The rhythms of a language on a deeper level also feel
free to start exploring native materials such as books television music and films
but make sure that this does not interfere with your main study
activities once you have completed this Final Phase you should have a basic
foothold in the language at this point you can profit from conversation
practice bilingual text native materials and advanced textbooks I will cover how
to move from this intermediate stage to the advanced stage in a coming video
[Music]

=== SOURCE #80 (ID: oDSrPrp07LE) ===
A question I get asked all the time is
milk. What's the best way of memorizing vocabulary? In this video, I'm going to
give you these five easy tips of how you can best memorize the vocabulary. By the
way, if you're new here, my name is Milk and I really enjoy learning German.
Finding yourself in a situation where you have to learn so many words at the
same time, especially if you have like prepare for an exam or something like
that, it can actually be very challenging. I remember myself when I
started learning German. I had a time pressure of wanting to finish learning
German pretty quickly and then go on to do my medical licensing exam work in
German. This was pretty intense. I remember opening this book and looking
at it and I'm like what? I have to memorize this whole book. I was like,
man, how do I go about this? I want to just share with some of you guys some of
these methods that I basically came up with that really helped me make my
vocabulary stick. So if you're that person who feels like you actually know
German and then you open your mouth to speak and then at some point you feel
yourself like you're stuck and you cannot just go on because somehow the
word you wanted to use has disappeared from the head and all of a sudden the
head feels blank. I got you. I really understand what it feels like. And so
let me just share these tips with you. The first method I would recommend if
you're learning vocabulary would be actually using flashcards. Flash cards
for me were a game changer. I remember getting introduced to flash cards when I
was in medical school. I mean when I was studying medicine in Uganda. These were
really helpful. Of course, by then I was actually using physical cards. These are
cards I was kind of writing out for myself. They were very helpful in
memorizing anatomy and some of the facts in medicine like SI units and other
things that don't have sense to them other than just simply getting them into
your head. But at some point pen and paper cards they kind of get messy at
some point if you have to write something and then rub and maybe
something's not right or sometimes they actually just get lost all together. I
remember when I got to find out about this app called Anki. Man, Anki was like
a total game changer because the cards right now can even be e-cards where you
don't have to carry physical cards wherever you go every time. You can even
have the card simply on your phone and you simply go through them. And Anki
does an excellent job at this. Anki uses a method called SRS. It's called space
reputation system. It's like AI power and helps you revise what you actually
need to learn rather than wasting time on what you already know because we have
a tendency as you know students. If you've been a student, you know this
that every time you go to study, you kind of start with the first pages of
what you already know in the first place. So you end up wasting time
learning the things you already know and then leaving out the things you've never
tackled all together. It helps because it kind of forces you to revise more
what you need to revise in other words what you're forgetting and then it keeps
on bringing those cards at those intervals which turns out to be very
very very helpful. Yes, it's a game changer when it comes to vocabulary. So
use this app called Anki. You don't have to use physical cards. Anki actually can
also be downloaded on your laptop. As I talk right now, I have an Anki app on my
laptop. There is also a version on the phone and it's actually free for Android
users. So I mean why not? Now the other technique of effectively learning
vocabulary is using association. The brain learns better with associating
words with images or even situations and stories. And sometimes it even taps into
the feeling of a thing. Memory sticks better that way. What I would recommend
is if you're using flashcards for you to tap into this technique, try to add
images to your flash cards. I'm not saying that you go around taking
thousands of images all over the place and you keep on putting them into Anki
but as long as you can have a picture connotation of the exact word that you
want to represent. For example, if you want to say here is the lamp and here is
called d lamp of do. It helps if you have like a picture of a light bulb
there, you know, which is shining a bit of light. Maybe the lamp represents that
somebody is reading. Then you start to actually associate the lamp with
reading, which is soalled. You understand what I mean? Kind of you're
associating the same setting. And so every time you hear of the word the
lamp, it is providing light and somebody reading. Or for some people who know
this, your word is the lamp unto my feet in that regard. Yes, just kind of like a
torch. So associate imagery to the words. Put images to those cards and
kind of tap into the association effect of how the brain best lands vocabulary.
You can actually even just get some of these images on the internet that you
just put in into Google, whichever image you want to add onto the card and then
you just add it on the card. Now talking of association, you know the brain like
I said always likes clustering things into groups. Try to learn in groups.
This is different in that for example if you're learning things about the house
other than just you know having them randomly split up random things which
for example in the sitting room in the living room just classify things and
learn for example things which are in the kitchen the kitchen wear and then
the living room. Group them up. That helps a lot because it helps the memory
reinforce better. So learn things into those clusters. Go in the kitchen. And
as you're learning, this also ties in with my method. Number four that I like
to emphasize a lot is learn them with their articles, their best article,
definite article. For example, let me just take an example in the kitchen.
When I want to learn what a spoon is, a spoon, it's their means it's a masculine
article. What I'm imagining is imagining an old man taking soup with a spoon. And
as I'm imagining, I'm kind of even trying to go crazy with the imagination.
And I see that maybe the soup is dripping down on his beard. The man
drink zupe meet them loafl. So as I'm saying their ll I'm having this image in
my head. And then in the same setting of learning in a clustered way I learn
about the fork. The fork is dabel dabel. When I think of dabel of course that
means it's a feminine article. I look at a lady who is very fancy who doesn't
want to eat with hands and they want to use a fork.
when it is D the moment you add the word meat it goes to there but that's very
complicated dive case and all that kind of stuff let's stick to the basics here
I see dabel and it is a fancy lady who wants to only eat with dabel and then
das messa now das messa is neutral it's not it it takes on the neutral article
yes it is dividing between it's a knife so it divides in between I imagine if
you guys are familiar with this thing rightly dividing the word eh
Exactly. Rightly dividing a workman that needeth not to be ashamed. Rightly
dividing. So disa it divides. It is neutral. Learn to associate. But as you
associate, add on technique number four of always making sure you're learning
with the articles along. Don't postpone the articles to later. Well, I'm not
saying that you beat yourself hard and make sure you get every article right
because some of them even don't have a logical way of flow. But whenever you
can make sure that you are learning with the article all together. Now the fifth
technique which I actually love so much and something that I'm so so good at is
come up with stories that might actually sound a bit fringy
and funny and yeah but try it out. Instead of just learning a word try to
come up with a story concerning that word. If you to look at this word can
you try to formulate a story from the blue concerning that word. And what that
does it it actually helps you think about the word more intuitively. The
word is getting to have a certain relationship with the brain and not just
that it's just being there. So come up with stories concerning words. For
example, if I have learned that this is called shift or a pen. So I can come up
with a story like you know what um I like using red pens or maybe I even
remember how teachers used to mark my books using a red pen and then I I am
kind of associating that with the pen other than simple learning it's called a
pen. So try the technique of coming up with stories in your head. It actually
kind of works the magic and helps you. So actually when you just pay attention
to these five techniques that I've shared with you guys you are going to
just realize that time comes when when you're having conversations in German
somehow words just pop out you're like wait what I actually knew this word how
did I know it this happens always in English sometimes that sometimes you'll
be saying something you are sure you don't know the word and then somehow
when you open your mouth the word is there you'll memorize your vocabulary
way way way better and that will be very helpful for you guys. Now, if you are
somebody who is looking into improving your German uh from A2 to B2, please
consider checking out this video here. In this video, I actually talk about how
you can improve your German from A2 to B2 because sample just simply tend to be
stuck all the way. Please give the video a thumbs up, subscribe if you haven't
already, consider leaving a comment wherever you found one of the method
works for you. And until the next one, bye and peace.

=== SOURCE #82 (ID: nhs459FdBK0) ===
you want to learn and speak the language
and you know that you need to learn more words so you can speak more except
memorizing words is boring and painful work
but what if you could skip that hard work and quickly review words in minutes
a day and actually remember them in the long run keep watching
how to learn words fast without forced memorization
in this guide you'll discover one proven tactic for learning words which is much
easier than brute memorization two why you'll actually remember what you've
learned and three how to pick up hundreds of new words every month with
one tool that all serious language learners love
but first if you don't yet have access to our language learning system sign up
for a free lifetime account right now just click the link in the description
to get your free lifetime account so what's the best way to learn words if
you want to avoid the hard work of memorization
it's called spaced repetition spaced repetition is where you see a word today
then you see it again tomorrow then in a few days and so on so that your learning
gets spaced out over time spaced repetition learning is backed by science
and helps you actually remember words because first you need repetition to
learn anything and second you need to space out the learning over time because
your brain remembers better every time you come back to review
and that's something that won't happen if you spend hours cramming today only
which is also why you forget everything after a test that you've crammed for
so how can you take advantage of this learning method to learn more words
well there's a study tool that all serious language learners love it's
called spaced repetition flashcards and you can find our flashcards in the
vocabulary drop down menu on the site inside you already have the 100
must-know words deck prepared for you so you can jump in and start learning right
away you can also make flash card decks from words and phrases presented in our
lessons the 2000 core word list words saved in your workbank and our free
vocab list just click on study and start session to
start learning third once you start the flashcards
track your progress and sort your cards for you
so the tough words that you struggle with you'll see them more often in a
study session in the easy words that you get right
they'll start getting spaced out you'll see them again in 2 days then 5 days and
13 days and so on at which point these words will start going into your
long-term memory and you'll never forget them once you're done with the study
session that's it for the day and all of this takes just a few minutes
then your flashcards will remind you when to study again and start
introducing new words while spacing out the ones you already know and that way
you can easily master hundreds of words a month just by quickly reviewing words
for a few minutes a day without the hard work of memorization
so take advantage of our flash cards right now but if you don't yet have
access to our learning system sign up for a free lifetime account right now
just click the link in the description to get your free lifetime account
remember here's what you can do to learn all of these words by heart
drill these words with our spaced repetition flashcards which will help
cement these words into your long-term memory save them to the word bank your
personal vocabulary collection where you can print out your own study sheets or
review the words with our looped vocabulary slideshow and play it until
you know all of the words so click the link in the description right now and
sign up for your free lifetime account to get these lessons and study tools

=== SOURCE #83 (ID: Lonr9cTuTjY) ===
Kriegen. This one wrong every single
time. Stimmen. Um oh. Never again. A while ago, I came across
La Mont's video where he learned 1,000 words in Spanish in an entire day. The
idea really did speak to me because for me, for the most part, going through
Anki cards is just not my idea of fun. I would much rather take a class or
obviously watch movies or Netflix TV shows. So, why not put myself through a
little bit of pain for one day, try to get it all over and done with so that
you can progress to the fun part quicker? And then it should
theoretically be easier. The problem is that it's actually recommended to only
learn 10 words a day. This comes from Refold, the creators of the German 1,000
Anki flashcard deck that I purchased. What they've done is analyzed the top
5,000 words across different mediums, removed cognates, derivatives, and then
super words to come up with the 1,000 that you should learn to really fast
track your progress. They suggest learning 10 flashcards a day for 100
days in conjunction with immersion so that you expose yourself to the language
naturally and notice and reinforce the words that you should be learning
through the Anki deck. In theory, that sounds awesome, but I tried for a couple
of weeks before ultimately giving up. It just requires a certain commitment and
one that seems to increase over time unless you're going through and like
deleting words from the deck. And after a while, I just couldn't be bothered
anymore and I never opened the Anki deck ever again until now. So, I allocated a
day for this challenge a few days into my wisdom teeth surgery recovery, but
this is also why I look a bit like a chipmunk in the clips that I took.
Following the actual challenge, I'd still have a couple of days left to
basically just watch Disney Plus and Netflix in German to see how many words
I did notice and to ultimately see if this challenge was worth it or not. So,
I went into the Refold website, I re-downloaded the German Anki deck,
loaded it up, and changed the maximum review setting to 1,000. Feeling well
prepared, I kicked off at 7:35 a.m. with 1,000 cards on the board to go and
quickly got into a groove as I had seen the first 150 cards before. My plan was
kind of just to go full steam ahead and then if I wanted a break, I'd take it.
However, even with these regular breaks, at 9:50, I first started to notice
myself getting flustered and frustrated. At the start, it was going great. Now,
pretty much every word that's coming up, I I've never seen it before ever. I was
feeling a bit more optimistic. I thought I would maybe get to a few hundred words
and then I'd finally be struggling, but I guess that's a good thing because it
just means I have lots to learn and hopefully I'll learn it. For the rest of
the day, let's keep plowing through. At this stage, many verbs that were
appearing just all look the same to me and I was really struggling to
differentiate them. Now, when you see words like these and you see how they
kind of similar, it probably makes sense as to why you shouldn't just spam your
head with loads of words without fully grasping the sense of it. I did start to
question if this was actually going to be effective or if it would just be a
complete waste of my time. But on the other hand, there were some words that
were just sticking in my head a lot easier. As someone with anxiety, the
words for Panikattacke, Auslöser, fürchten, and erschrecken seemed to
stick pretty quickly in my head and I found that quite funny. I got into a
really, really nice rhythm. At this stage, I had had a mindset shift of why
am I trying to simply rush through this challenge if the true purpose is for me
to improve my overall German understanding and vocabulary. I wasn't
just trying to rush through the flashcards. I realized that listening to
the example phrase and then reading it through and actually trying to
understand it myself as well, that's more meaningful than just trying to
memorize a word. But overall, I just have to say that doing this made the
whole experience a lot more enjoyable as well because I was having some feeling
of "Yeah, I'm actually starting to kind of understand the German language." At
12:30 with 542 cards to go, I was seeing a lot of very, very common words. I
would have liked to see some of these easier words probably at the start of
the deck because as a beginner, if you do something that's way too difficult,
you're more than likely to quit. Whereas slow and gradual progress is just always
more pleasant. Something else about the Anki deck is that in some cases the
example sentences, the way that it was translated didn't really make sense to
how the actual word that I was trying to memorize had been translated. The
majority of cards, however, do have really great examples. Some of them even
will use previous words that have already seen from the Anki deck. But as
the day went on and after many more flash card sessions, I started to
approach my breaking point. I was rushing through the words and I was just
hoping that by going through it quicker, the words would somehow stay in my brain
faster. It just meant I had more cards to memorize. It's 7:30 p.m. I'm
convinced that I haven't memorized like a single word pretty much. I had to take
like a big break, had my dinner. Now I'm going to hopefully smash out the last
batch. And I'm going to do them properly the way I've been doing the majority of
this day. It's something I didn't really think about was actually how exhausting
trying to memorize new words that you've never ever seen before into your brain
can be. I am pretty proud, but I do want to smash through these last ones, so
let's go. At 8:25, I finally had just 10 words to go. Okay, bestimmen, to
determine. bestimmen verlegen
To misplace. verhaften arrest.
auftauchen To come up. Die Luft. Die Luft.
Dinner. Air. Is it to convince?
Breath. Air. Kriegen. Kriegen.
Um to to get. To determine.
Die Luft. Air. Breath. Um
is it to determine? I finished this deck. Congratulations,
you finished this deck for now. Okay, probably never again. We'll see
how much I actually have learned. I did get into a groove and it was actually
quite fun at times. It's just towards the end this was a real struggle. It is
done and I am so happy about that. The relief I felt was actually insane.
Now with the flash card challenge finally done, it was time for the fun
part. I decided to start straight away that evening. I have been watching just
nailed it Germany to kind of wind down before going to bed after finishing the
flash cards. And I have to say that already I'm noticing so many more words
that I have seen in the flash cards that I didn't know before. Gucken. Irgendwas.
Trocken. It's already seems to be working which I wasn't actually
expecting. I'm seeing different variants of the words as well like aussehen. So
far it seems to be working. The following day I relaxed on the couch and
watched a bunch of shows. Now for a bit of a challenge for some of these shows,
I was just putting on the German subtitles. But, I was pleasantly
surprised to find that in some scenarios, with the actual context that
was happening, and also some of the easier words, I was able to understand
the gist most of the time. I know that I'd seen the word in Anki, and I'd read
the sentence, and then I could figure out what it was. Or, sometimes I would
just quickly look up Google Translate on my phone, and then I'd go, "Oh, yep.
Now, now I remember what that meaning is." And I was finding that the flash
cards were really helping me to kind of fill in some of those gaps that I just
didn't know before. And to give some kind of hard proof to show you how many
words I've noticed since doing the immersion after the challenge, one
really good exercise that helps me to pay attention when watching shows is to
either write down or type the words that I recognize. So, for some of the day, I
was on my phone, and I was typing out the words that I knew I had just learned
from doing the Anki flash card challenge. So, whilst there are not
1,000 words listed on this iPhone note, out of every word that is there, that
still represents one word that I did not know or have any concept of before the
challenge. I know I'm not the only one who struggles with language learning in
that it's really difficult to see your progress. But, after doing this
challenge, it's one of those rare moments where I can quite clearly see
the before and the after. I have very occasionally gone back into the Anki
deck, and it is like seeing some of these words for the first time. I think
that's expected because it's just 1,000 words. Definitely going back and doing
more revision would of course be ideal. And it just goes to show how important
the immersion part is to reinforce the different meanings into your head. So,
with that, go and do an Anki flash card deck, or go and watch your favorite
movie with dubbing, and I'll see you in the next one.

=== SOURCE #84 (ID: Tn1tma-bSZc) ===
hello everyone this is s from language
Atlas and in this video I'd like to show you the German A2 vocabulary ANC in this
video we will go over three things first I'd like to show you the German A2
vocabulary course structure second I like to show the course content and I
will do so by looking at three ancs within the overall German A2 vocabular
ANC and third i' like to show you some brief editing options so let's get
started with the first point which is to show the German course structure
normally you double click on an anid deck to open it however I've already
done so as you can see right over here inside the German A2 vocabul ANC are
eight chapters pronouns conjunctions verbs nouns adjectives adverbs
determiners and prepositions now if you look at this
chapter 4 nouns subdeck and we click on this little plus icon right over here we
can see that inside it are 20 other decks
now these are essentially themes what I've done is that I have looked at all
the nouns that are there in chapter 4 nouns and I've Cate categorized them
based on theme so we have Academia intellect animals arts and entertainment
materials and substances Time Master and numbers and transportation and many many
others now this is very handy in case you want to learn vocabulary by theme so
if you wish to learn more about clothing of fashion or food and drinks or people
whatever you want to do you are able to do so now that was my first point which
is to show the course structure now I like to go to my second point which is
to show the course content and I will do so by looking at three decks chapter 4
noun Home chapter five adjectives and chapter three verbs now we don't have
time to go at look at all nine chapters but I do believe that just by showing
you these three you already have a good overview of what to expect so click on
home study now and this is what we see now this is our first car type what we
see is that we have a German sentence there are two blank areas two
underscores and it's our job to know what goes over here we have an English
translation of the German sentence the cupboard doesn't close properly and we
have a picture now this picture is a visual representation of the German
sentence and this is here so you can form a link to the German sentence and
to the German words but also for you to get a better understanding of it because
when you see image It generally helps people to understand it so the cupboard
is bold and underlined and we have to know what the cupboard is in German do
you know the answer let's have a look now I like to Mo move to this area
right over here this is what I like to call the sentence area we see here the
correct German sentence with in blue the answer that we're looking for now
why is it blue German is a gender language there are three genders
masculine feminine and neutral masculine nouns are blue feminine nouns are pink
and neutral nouns are green now I've done so so you can better learn the
gender of nouns in the German language and once you know the gender you can
play with them you can use them you can do many different things with them but
it's very important that you know the gender of the nouns so whenever you see
the certain color where it's blue for masculine pink for feminine or green for
neutral you know what gender it is underneath it we have the IP annotation
which is really helpful in case you want to improve your
pronunciation underneath that we have the English translation of the German
sentence and if we click on this we can hear audio if you look at the second area we
can see that this is the singular noun area we have the singular noun in its
definite form and the singular noun in its indefinite form we have the IP
notation of the singular noun and we have the English translation
if you click on it we can hear the singular noun looking at this area we have the
plural noun in German the IP notation of the German noun the English translation
and the audio great let's look another one the
lock was picked within five minutes how do you say the lock the for now in terms of setup it's exactly
the same sentence singular plural however now we
see a word a noun in green why is that that is because the lock in German
Theos is in fact a neutral noun so green is neutral neutral is green this will
help you learn the gender of nouns let's do another one the rubbish will be
picked up on Tuesday how do you say the rubbish and we seen another masculine
noun let's see if we can spot a feminine noun the ball is too small for the
amount of salad how do you say the bowl the is [Music] and over here we have a feminine noun
how do you know it's feminine because it's pink and of course because it's a d
word so we have seen the three different colors blue for masculine pink for
feminine and green for neutral now what I want to show you now
is the second C type now before we had some blank areas some underscores and we
had to know what goes inside those blank areas now we have to type in the correct
answer and what this does is that it tests whether or not you know how to
spell the words correctly there we go so let's see what happens great now what has happened here
is that I spelled the word correctly and Anki shows us it's correct because it's
completely in green
however what if we do not know the correct
answer what if we do this for example as you can see I was close but I
was not quite there yet I had the gender correct however I spelled s l o t when I
should have should have had a CH over there and the last one should have been
a double s so Anki shows what you had correctly in green shows what you had
incorrectly in T and what you were missing it CHS in green so right over
here you see the correct answer and this second card type will really improve the
spelling of your words and again if you wish to learn the journal language
spelling is important now these are just more sentences with spelling so I would
like to go to my second deck which is chapter five
adjectives compared to humans the dinosaurs must have been enormous how do
you say enormous theom great so we have the same
setup sentence blank English translation bold and underlined picture and over
here we have the sentence area and the adjective area let's do another one his
smile is very attractive how do you say attractive
attrac attrative again sentence adjective
area as a child I did not have an adult mindset how do you say adult
great one more Sandra is wearing a cast because she has a broken leg how do you
say broken and there you go so essentially
it's the same concept sentence adjective and if you were to continue
long enough and far enough we would get to the typing exercises where we have to
type in the correct answer the last deck I want to show you
is chapter three verbs click on study now and we see this same
setup sentence with blank Area English translation we have over here
tie and we have a picture please help me tie the knot now what's interesting about verb
cards is that all the verbs here are shown in the infinitive form or the full
verb form why is this relevant if you wish to
learn German verbs it's very important that you start with infinitive form
because then you can conjugate them in different ways then you can use them for
different tenses but it all starts with knowing the basic infinitive knowing the
basic full verb so everything is in the infinitive or the full verb version
whichever definition you like to call them so bending to
tie we suppose that it will rain tomorrow suppose for great let's do another one he wants
to discover the world to discover and one more they made him an
offer he couldn't refuse refuse and
wonderful and if you were to continue long enough and far enough we would get
to the typing exercises which is over here but we've already seen it before so
those were the three Decks that I wanted to show you i' now like to go to the
third point which is to show you some brief editing options and one thing that
I'd like to show you it's really important which is how to regulate the
amount of new cards you see per day and how many reviews you do per day so if
you click on this icon over here and click on options you can see new cards
per day and you can see maximum reviews per day and this part regulates how many
new cards you see per day so I change it from 20 to 50 and we have maximum
reviews per day which is how many reviews you do per day and review is
essentially a card that you've done before you do it again a
review and you can see right over here I increased it and the numbers
changed and I can decrease it as well to 20
20 and that has been changed as well my advice to you is to pick a low number
it's better to stick to a low number and do it consistently rather than choose a
high number and feel so overwhelmed that you don't do it at all language learning
is about doing a habit creating a habit and a low number really helps with this
and of course over time if you've developed a habit if You' establish the
Habit you can increase the amount of cards that you do per day so that was it
for this video I hope you enjoyed it you can get the deck from language atlas.com
I will share all the important and necessary links in the description
comment section thank you so much for watching this has been s from
language.com I wish you the best of luck when it comes to learning German
language and of course a good day as well goodbye

=== SOURCE #85 (ID: pl1X-NUZ2uU) ===
hello everyone this is s from language
Atlas and in this video I would like to show you the German B1 vocabulary ANC in
this video we will go over three things first I'd like to show you the course
structure of the German B1 vocabulary an deck second I'd like to show the course
content and I will do so by looking at three decks within the overall German B1
vocabulary ANC and third I'd like to show you some brief editing options so
let's get started with the first point which is to show the course structure
now normally you double click on an anid deck to open it however I've already
done so as you can see right over here now the German B1 vocabulary angc has
eight chapters pronouns conjunctions verbs nouns adjectives adverbs
prepositions and determiners however when we look at
chapter 4 nouns we can see there's a little plus icon in front of it if we
click on it we can see that there are 20 sub Subs inside it they range from
academian intellect animals arts and entertainment body and health all the
way to sports hobbies and activities time mats and numbers and transportation
now what I've done is that I've categorized all the different words that
You' find in chapter for nouns and I've categorized them by theme so academian
intellect electronics and Technology location nature environment people
whatever you may wish you can find it over here and this is really handy in
case you wish to learn a certain theme within uh the chapter for
nouns now that was the first point now i' like to move on to the second point
which is to show the course content and I look at three decks I don't have time
to show you all nine chapters but I do believe by showing you three decks you
can already get a good overview of what you would expect in the German B1
vocabulary an I will look at home within chapter
four nouns I look at chapter five adjectives and I will look at chapter
three ner verbs so let's get started with home study now
this is the first sentence we see a German sentence with two blank areas it
is our job to know what goes inside blank
areas we see the English translation the curtain blocks out all the lights we see
that the curtain is bolded and underlined so it's our job to know what
the curtain is in German and we see a a picture and a picture is a visual
representation of the German sentence why is the picture here so that you can
better understand the German sentence about also to create a link to the words
and to the sentence this will really help you memorize things a lot better so
what is the curtain in German great so I'd like to start with
this area over here which I like to call a sentence area you can see that this is
the correct German sentence however the right right answer the for is in blue
but why is this the case well German has three genders masculine feminine and
neutral the Mas all masculine nouns are blue in my an deck all feminine nouns
are pink in my an deck and all neutral nouns are green in my an deck so this
will really help you learn the gender of nouns in the German language which is
really important if you wish to use the German
language underneath the German sentence we have an IPA notation and this IPA
notation of the German sentence will really help you improve your
pronunciation of the German sentence we have underneath that the English
translation of the German sentence and finally we have an audio when we look at the second area we
have the singular noun the for hang and for hang so both in the
definite form and in indefinite form we have the IP notation of the singular
noun we have the translation and the audio if you look underneath that we see
that we have the plural version so we have the plural version of the noun IP
anotation of that and English translation click on this and we hear
the audio great let's look at another card
the move from Australia to Germany went well how do you say the move for great so you can see it's not a card
but it has the same setup let's look at another one the pan
was too small for the [Music] steak
deep wonderful now again same setup however there's a small difference right
over here we see that that noun is in pink why because it's feminine and I
mentioned before feminine nouns are noted in pink
over here and we've seen a masculine noun before noted in blue let's see if
we can find a neutral noun as well the Journal of my sister is on the top of
her night table the journal so now we see again same setup however
we see a noun in green why is it green because it is a
neutral noun it starts with the dust which you can see right over
here we one more the tube for the sprinkler is damaged how do you say the tube
great so that was the first C type where we see two blank areas and we have to
know what goes inside the blank areas I would like to show you the
second car type which is this
one before we had to know what goes inside the blank areas now we have to
type in the correct answer so I will type in the correct answer right now and
let's see what happens great so if you typed in the correct
answer Ani shows it in green however what if you do not
know the correct answer let's say do something like this
so what you see right over here is that I made a mistake in gender I thought it
was neutral when it should have been masculine and also I typed an OE when it
should have been a u so if you have something incorrect Anki shows it in red
what you did have correct an shows in green and right over here we see the
missing answers should have been e r and should have been U so this second card
type the typing card type really helps you when it comes to spelling and I
could continue and you'd see more uh typing exercises but we've seen this one
before so that was the first card type now pardon that was the first deck I'd
like to go to the second deck which is chapter five adjectives study
now and let's have a look at this one in physical and mental terms you are in
perfect health mental how do you say [Music] that great same setup sentence adjective
right over here I'm very pale and need a lot of
sun0 lotion in the summer how do you say pale
plus BL he is smart when it comes to managing
money how do you say smart croak smart wonderful let's do one more
please wait I am not dressed yet how do you say dressed and this is how adjectives work
now I could continue however at a certain point I
would end up with the typing exercises which we have seen
before I'd like to go to the third deck which which is chapter 3 verbs I'll
click on study now same setup he forgot to fold his
laundry again to fold now there is something that I'd
like to note which is the following all verbs are in the infinitive form so all
verbs are shown as full verbs so to folds FAL why is this the case once you
know the full verb once you know the infinitive it is very easy to conjugate
it for different subject pronouns and it's very easy to conjugate it in
different tenses so the basic of every basis of everything is the full verb and
once you know that you can change it to whatever you want and this is what you
will see in all anidex that I make all the verbs of vocabulary are always in
infinitive form entrance exams at this University
tend to be very difficult tend so there you have it another one he's
going to head the company next year to head
lighten one more I like the quote from this book because it contains a lot of
wisdom the quote wonderful and I could
continue but then we'd end up with the typing exercises and we've already seen
this before so those were the three Decks that I wanted to show you and now
I'd like to move on to my third point which is also my final point and in this
point we will look at some brief editing options and what I want to show you is
how to edit the amount of cards that you see per day so if you click on this
little icon over here next to J B1 vocabulary click on options see there's
a part called daily limits and we look at new cards for day and we look at
maximum reviews for day and the new cards per day regulates how many new
cards you see every day and I can change this from 20 to 50 and a maximum reviews
per day shows how many reviews you do every day so things that you've done
before you'll see them again and I've have increased this to 50 as well you
can see that right over here the numbers increased I can decrease them as
well from 50 to 20 from 50 to 20 I'll click on Save
and I decrease them again my advice to you is to start with low number language
learning is all about creating a habit and sticking to it and it's a lot easier
once you have once you start with a low number if you do a high number you may
feel overwhelmed and you may end up quitting learning language but if you do
a low number it's easier to get with it and it's easier to build on afterwards
once you establish that habit so that was it for this video I'd like to thank
you very much for watching you can get the German B1 vocabulary an
on at language atlas.com I will put all the necessary
information and links in the in the comment section and description so once
again if you want to get a deck you can go to language ads.com thank you very
much for watching I wish you the best of luck when it comes to learning the
German language and of course I wish you a very good day as well goodbye

=== SOURCE #86 (ID: cBi6EqUUFSI) ===
hello everyone this is s from language
Atlas and in this video I'd like to show you the German A1 vocabulary ANC in this
video we will go over three things first I'd like to show you the course
structure of the German A1 vocabulary ANC second i' like to show the course
content and I will do so by looking at three an decks within the overall German
A1 vocabulary an deck and third i' like to show you some brief editing options
so let's get started with the first point which is to show the course
structure I normally double click on an an deck to open it however I've already
done so as you can see right over here inside the German a vocabulary ANC there
are nine chapters pronouns conjunctions verbs nouns adjectives adverbs
prepositions determiners and numbers now if we go to chapter 4 nouns
you can see there's a little plus icon in front of it if we click on it we can
see that there are 20 subjects inside of it now what I've done is that I've
categorized all the nouns by theme and put them right over here so if you wish
to learn academian intellect if you wish to learn animals if you wish to learn uh
materials and substances time mass and numbers or Transportation you are able
to do so this is very handy if you wish to learn a certain theme that was my
first point which is to show the course structure I like now like to move on to
my second point which is to show the course content I'll do so by looking at
three anid decks within the overall J A1 vocabul ANC which is chapter four nouns
Home chapter five adjectives and chapter three verbs now I've done this because I
don't enough time to go over all nine chapters but I do believe that just
having a look at these three decks will give you a good overview of what to
expect when you get the German A1 vocabulary an so I'll start with home
I'll click on study now and we have our first sentence right over here we have
the German sentence with two blank areas we have underneath the translation of
German sentence the bathroom has a shower with the bathroom bolds and
underlined and underneath that we have a picture
and this picture is a visual representation of the German sentence
the reason that is that this picture is here is because you're able to create a
visual representation of the sentence and you're able to create a link in your
mind between a concept or sentence and a picture and this will help you better
remember the words and sentences in German now let's have a look how do you
say the bathroom in German great so i' like to get started with
this point over here or this area over here which is the sentence area we see
right here the sentence with the correct answer but you may notice that the
answer that's B is in green why is that well German is a gender language you
have masculine nouns feminine nouns and neutral nouns and the masculine nouns
are noted in blue the feminine nouns are noted in pink and the neutral nouns are
noted in green so this will really help you better remember the gender of nouns
in the German language which is really important if you wish to learn the
German language underneath that we have an IPA notation of the sentence which
will really help you better pronounce German sentences and of course words as
well underneath that we have the English translation of German sentence and
underneath that we have the audio if you look at the second area we
can see that we have the singular noun here both in definite form and in its
indefinite form so this is the definite form and this is the indefinite form
underneath that we have the IP annotation underneath that we have the
English translation and over here we have the audio at the very bottom or almost at
the very bottom we have the plural version of the noun IP notation
translation and again audio great let's have a look at another
card the box is empty how do you say the box now the setup is exactly the same
but you may have noticed that this part over here is in pink why because the box
is a feminine noun in German let's do another one the card
lies on the table how do you say the cardart great so as you can see it's the
same setup and again pink because it's a feminine noun now this sentence the
floor is too hard to sleep on how do you say the floor de burden great and as you can
tell the floor is masculine hence it is in blue now that was the first car type
which is that you see a sentence with some blanks and it is your job to know
what goes inside the blanks now this is the second card type which is a typing
exercise now we've seen this card before but before we had to know what goes
inside a blank now we have to type in the correct word the second C type
really tests whether you can spell words correctly
now I've typed in the word correctly let's see what happens great now as you can tell I
typed in the word correctly and if you type in word correctly anley shows you
it's correct by highlighting it in green
however what if we do not know the correct answer what happens then and as you can tell right over here I
had the gender incorrectly and I had the C and the K incorrectly so it is a d
word so feminine and you spelled with a K instead of a c and Anki has noted my
incorrect letters in red and it is shown over here what I should have had in Gray
and it things that had correctly are already in green so this card type will
really help you spell the words correctly and if you were to continue
you would see the same things but then we have to spell more now that was the
first deck I like to go to the second deck which is adjectives I click on
chapter five adjectives I'll click on study now and this is the first
sentence German sentence blank Area English translation bold
underlined and a picture Canadians are friendly people and here you can see again it's a
sentence IPA notation translation audio and then the German adjective let's do another one money
alone doesn't make you happy what is happy in German
and over here we have the correct answer let's do another
one I'm sure that he'll come soon how do you say sure in German great and let's do one more
landing on the moon is possible how do you say possible great and if you were to
continue long enough you would get to this exercise which is a typing exercise
and again we'd have to type in the correct answer and if you had it
correctly Anki would show it in green if you had it incorrectly Anki would
correct us and show it in the appropriate colors as
well that was the second deck now I like to go to the third deck which is verbs I
click on study now and we see the same setup we see a
German sentence with a blank area we see the English trans translation we see a
certain part bold and underline which is climb and we see a picture as well how
do you say climb now what is interesting to note is
that all verbs are in the infinitive form they're all noted as the full verb
as you can see right over here and also here now why is this relevant once you
know the full verb or the infinitive you're able to conjugate it depending on
subject pronoun depending on tense depending on mood of course so knowing
the infinitive knowing the full verb is incredibly important and all the verbs
in this deck are in the infinitive form in the full verb form which will really
help you learn the language a lot better come visit me at the hospital come and as you can tell another
one will you eat this or not eat
great I can correct your math pardon me I can correct your math homework how say
the corrects great now again if I were to
continue long enough and far enough I'd get to the typing exercises this now
those were the three Decks that I wanted to show
you final point which is the third point is that I wanted to show you some brief
editing options if I click on this icon over here and I click on options you can
see there's a part called daily limits essentially what this does it regulates
how many new cards you see per day and how many reviews you do per day and new
cards are essentially new cards cards you haven't seen before and reviews are
reviews things that you have done before that you will see again a
I can increase this to 50 and I can increase this to 50 to increase what I
see in terms of new cards and reviews and as you can see the numbers
increase and I can decrease this as well if I wish to back to 20 now the most important thing is that
you pick a number which is doable and feasible for you and generally this is a
lower number rather than a higher number language learning is all about creating
a habit and learning consistently in my opinion it's a lot better to start with
a lower number because you're able to do it on a more consistent basis and if you
do a really big number you may feel overwhelmed and may stop learning at all
so my advice pick a lower number start with it and then increase later on if
you wish to do so now that was it for this video if you wish to get the deck
you can do so by going to language atlas.com I will share all the links in
the comment section in description I'd like to thank you so very much for
watching I wish you the best of luck when it comes to learning German and I
wish you a very good day goodbye

=== SOURCE #87 (ID: RF5P1giSEFM) ===
So, in today's video, I want to do a
total full walkthrough of how to use Anki as a beginner. If you are
frustrated when it comes learning a new language, especially when it comes to
vocabulary, then you are in the right place. Maybe you've been actually
looking for a tool to help you or you know about Anki, but you don't know how
to actually use it. So, in this video, I want to make it very easy for you and
explain to you [music] step by step how to use Anki as a beginner. I want to
make it very easy for you so you can jump right in very quickly, practically
and efficiently so you can make the most of this Anki app. By the way, if you are
new here, my name is Mel. I am a medical doctor. I live in Bon Germany. I moved
about 2 and a half years ago from Uganda. So, I made this video because I
have referenced Anki a lot and so many questions have come up asking me to
clarify how to actually use Anki in my videos. I used Anki to become fluent and
then go on to pass my first medical licensing exam and it's the very tool
I'm using right now to prepare myself for the second medical licensing exam.
Of course, I learned about Anki in medical school and so I've had used it
earlier before in fact for most of the subjects which are basically abstract.
Anki was a very helpful learning tool. As usual, please like the video,
consider subscribing to the channel if you haven't already and for any specific
questions, leave them down in the comment section below. So, what is Anki?
Anki is a flashc card system that exists in e form as in it's used on computer or
on your smartphone but it's an intelligent one. What do I mean by
intelligent one? It is intelligent in the sense that Anki categorizes whatever
you have learned into three categories. What you have really mastered that's
what you're good at. Then what you are average at and what you are really weak
at as in the things that you can't remember well when it comes to topic
that you covered earlier. So what it does, it helps you in the revision in
the sense that when you're revising those cards, it maximizes your revision
in the area that you are weak at. So it makes you remember things very well. But
before we go into the setup of Anki, I just want to emphasize that it's
available for both PC and for Mac and then for iOS and Android. For iOS, it's
unfortunately for paying for, but I think it is even worth the pay even if
you're using iOS or an iPhone for that matter. [music]
Yes. So, for the purpose of this setup, I'm going to use my MacBook, but the
procedure is exactly the same. Even if you're using PC or you're using Android
or using your phone, the procedure is quite quite the same. Let's just dive
into it and I show you guys how to set this thing up. So, what you do is you go
to the official Ank website if you want to download the app. Actually, just type
in and say Anki download. It's already there since I downloaded it some time
back. So, when you go to Anki download, you're going to see this first website
that pops up. Anki powerful intelligent apps apps. ankiweb.net. So when you
click on it, you'll see this download button. And so when you click on it,
they're going to bring you down here for you to specify onto which device do you
want to download Anki. So for my sake, I have to click of course MacOSS because
I'm using Mac. I'm using a MacBook Pro here. But for you, you just going to
select which kind of device you have. So we have Windows, we have Linux, and then
for the mobile aspect of the app, you can click either Android or iOS. Since I
already downloaded the app, I'm not going to go and download. uh but for you
guys you can just do that. You go on and install the app. Once you install the
app, it's going to require that you do some sign up or some setup of sorts. So
you have to put in your email and all those details. It helps you when it
comes to syncing your material so that even if you're using Anki on the laptop
and you want to use it on your phone as well. If you want to review your cards
when you're on the move or you're on the go like in a car or in in a train or in
a bus or whatever, you can still revise your cards and have them on your phone.
this area here. Now, mine looks actually full because I have some work already
going on. This is these are some of the things I'm studying right now and some
of the things I studied, but yours could be empty. So, what we do is before we
add any card, we have to create a deck. A deck is basically like a set of cards
which are stuck together. So, you have to create different decks. These are
different decks that I have and inside these decks are my cards. For you to
create a new deck, don't go to add. Just come down here to create deck. Let me
just create one deck for us for the sake of this video. How to use Anki. When we
open this deck, it has nothing inside. So it's going to say congratulations.
You have finished this deck for now. That means there are no cards there.
Let's go back to deck. So I just want to emphasize here maybe and even highlight
that it's actually possible for you to have sub decks. That means you can have
a deck under a deck and that helps you to kind of revise more systemically. In
case you have many things that you want to revise, we can go on and create
another deck. Let's just say how to part one. We get it and drag and drop it into
how to use Anki. Now the moment we do that, we see that on that deck there
appears a plus sign here. Once we click on that plus sign, you see how to part
one. That means this deck is existent under our deck of how to use Anki. So
that kind of just helps you to be better organized. Like you can see here for me
I have FSP and under it I have ABen. That's something that I did. That's it.
Now you've been able to create a deck. So we go on and add cards [music] into
the deck. How do we actually add cards to the deck? You click add. What are
cards? Actually, these cards, you know, they are like the e form of an actual
card. So they have the front part of the card and the back part of the card. So
it's like just a card that has the front side with the question and the back side
with the answer. Why this is important and why this is actually a very good
system of learning is that research has shown that people who learn using active
recall learn better. What is active recall? Active recall is that aspect of
you yourself forcing yourself to remember things. So if I've learned a
topic, instead of me just going on to reread and reread, what I do is I force
myself to kind of remember. I read through something, but once I go back,
you revise kind of on question basis. It is like the voluntary aspect of you
quizzing yourself along the way as you revise. Research shows that people who
use active recall as a system of learning memorize things way better and
learn way quicker. So this is our card. We have different types of cards. We
have the basic. We are just going to go through each of them. But for now, let's
just use the basic. Let me just say you want to learn something. Say the table.
How the table in English is called in German. The table is called. [music]
Then you say add. Now once we add and we close this thing, we are going to see
that now we have one card. So now if for example you're reading something and you
keep on adding the English part of your card and then the German part of your
card, time comes for you to of course revise your cards or to study or to go
through your cards, go through your words that you've learned through that
day. So what you do is you just come and click here study. It opens up. Now we
see that we have a card to review or we have cards review. So what you do is of
course just takes you straight to the cards for you to start revising. Now our
question is there the table. Do I remember? Do I not remember? That
depends on of course if you remember or not. You can say show answer or just
click the space bar and then it's going to show you the tish. The good system
with ank like I explained what it does is it kind of helps you assess yourself
how well were you able to remember this particular information that you're
revising. Again means you didn't totally remember anything. And then we have had
hard. Had means of course the card was hard or you were able to recall it quite
well. So it was good or it was totally easy. So if again that means Anki is
going to show you this card again in 1 minute. If you click hard it means it's
going to show you in 6 minutes. That card will be flashed to you again for
you to be able to go through it again. And then if it's good Anki will show you
in 10 minutes. But if it was very easy that mean the moment you saw it before
you even flip [clears throat] the card to see the other side you already knew
the answer. Then you click easy and you'll see this card again in 6 days.
That means tomorrow as you're revising, you don't have to waste time focusing on
this. So you can focus on learning other things and this card will appear to you
again in 6 days. That that's how beautiful Anki is. It kind of
prioritizes your learning and you focus on the things that you must focus on.
That's a sample of reviewing nail. I'm just going to say 1 minute. I just
assuming that's hard. Then it says congratulations. So for now within 1
minute I'm not going to have any cards. But of course in case I have many other
cards, I'll keep reviewing other cards until that 1 minute elapses and this
card comes and flashes at me again so I can be able to recall. That is what is
called active recall. So now that we reviewed our card here, Anki shows us
that we don't have any card to review. Um let me just go on and add another
card as we wait for 1 minute to elapse for us to to have that card reviewed
again. Now let's go on to just explore other forms of cards that exist. Here we
have basic and reverse card. That means it makes two cards. You don't have one
card but two card like it also reverses the answer for you. Let me just show you
guys an example. Let's just say the car the car in German is called auto. Once
we add that it will actually add two cards. So when I go on and say study the
moment 1 minute elapses the priority that comes is you have to first learn
the card that you just forgot that you said is hard. So the table it's the now
let's just say in 1 minute again the house um do I remember that? Yes. that
in German is called of course D house but for the sake of revision let me just
say show me that card again in [music] 1 minute and then this is the card I want
to show you guys so in this card the car and then the answer is D out now let's
say that's good but there's another card that was formed in this category of
basic and reverse there is also a card with dut on the front and then when you
click to review down is the car that's how beautiful Ank is it kind of really
helps you learn those cards in a very interesting and systematic way Let me
just show you one more form which I think is just enough for the beginner
level. We don't have to learn all the other complicated forms of cards which
exist. Cards with close. So these cards with clothes when you say add they help
you fill in the missing words. So if this is for example the statement I want
to remember. By the way in case you are new here I am milk a medical doctor
living in B Germany. And that's a statement I want to remember. I could
just go on and make some of these aspects of this card oblivious or not
seen so that I can test myself to see if I remember this. So I highlight this
[music] and click on these two arrows here. That is going to be C1 or rather
close one. When I say add, let me just show you guys what actually happened. I
review that card stud. Now of course we have to first go through all these
cards. Yes. And then when this card actually happens, you're going to see
that this card comes and says, "By the way, in case you are new here, I da da
da a medical doctor living in Bourne, Germany." That means you have to recall
the information which is in the bracket that has been hidden away. Click and say
answer and then yes, by the way, if you're new here, I am milk. So that is
the phrase which was missing in there. And that makes Anki a very exciting app
when it comes to learning anything. That means you can learn anything from
paragraphs to different things. And so it's like a self quizzing tool that
helps you learn very effectively. For this video, since you are a beginner,
let's just focus on those three types of cards. They are wonderful and I think
they would help you. So because we live in the era of internet, you don't have
to make all your cards. Sometimes you can even go on the internet and look at
the work that people have done and then download their cards and use those cards
instead of you making your own cards from scratch. That's something I've done
for German. How do we do that? This is very easy. What we do is you just go
onto your browser, type in and say first 1,000
words in German Anki deck. Once you type in that, you're going to have several
links that come up to you. You can get those cards from Reddit. You can get
this deck from the official Anki website. There is a deck I got from
Goautier. So when you click here and then you just go on and click download.
It's going to download. I think it's already done downloading. You just go on
into your Anki and say import. This deck is already here. It is existent here.
Now what you do is you start revising. The word is v is how can
like I said or as I said z does is that is he. That is basically
how you can make use of other people's work on the internet rather than having
to make your cards from scratch. So that makes it very very easy and very
wonderful for you guys. Let me just go on and give you guys a pro tip on how to
use Anki effectively. What I recommend is don't be sucked up into the cards.
Just use the 10 seconds rule because it's supposed to test my memory and my
learning. What I do is I give myself a maximum of 10 seconds. If I cannot
recall what is flashed before me in 10 seconds, I click show answer. I have to
assess myself within 10 seconds. And even learning whatever I'm learning, I
have to learn it in 10 seconds. Of course, it depends on how long the
paragraph is. If the paragraph is long, you might have to stretch it up to 20
seconds. But usually, if it's just a word or something, I need to remember no
or don't know. I give myself a maximum of 10 seconds. And after 10 seconds, I
click show. So that helps me to kind of move the volume and go on. Anki is
literally supposed to help you to just kind of retrieve this information very
automatically almost at the same speed at which you would retrieve your own
name. Now, let me just go on to go through other aspects of this app before
we close. So deck is basically a drop-own menu of all your decks which
are available. Add helps you add cards. That means the card that you're adding
right now will automatically go to the selected deck. That means I am going to
add a deck to my FSP refer browsing. This one just helps you browse through
all your cards. All the cards which are in here. In case you want to search a
specific card and maybe edit it, you can just go on and search in [music] here.
That is it. The statistic. This shows you how well you've been revising and
how well you've done. It can be a source of motivation for your learning. And
then sync, this is something that happens automatically. It's every time
you add cards, you're going to have it synced onto your other devices. So that
like for example me, I don't have to only sit on the computer and revise my
cards, I can revise my card through the day on my phone as I am traveling in
transit. Learning a new language can be very complicated. If you're somebody who
has been asking how can I learn German quickly, I would recommend that you
actually check out this video here because in this video I go into details
of how I was able to do that very quickly and go on to reach C1 in a very
short record time. So this video is in English and if you want you can check
out this one. This one here is in German. They speak the same thing. Other
than that, please consider liking the video if you found it helpful and
consider subscribing to the channel if you haven't already. I hope I see you in
one of these videos. >> [music] >> Bye and peace.

=== SOURCE #88 (ID: 3-TriSs1Yck) ===
hello everyone this is s from language
Atlas and in this video I'd like to show you the German B2 vocab ANC in this
video we will go with three things first I like to show the course structure of
the German B2 vocab ANC second I like to show the course content and I'll do so
by having a look at three anid decks within the overall German B2 vocab an
deck and third I'd like to show you some brief editing options so let's get start
with the first point which is to show the German B2 vocabulary ANC course
structure normally would double click on ANC to open it however I've already done
so as you can see right over here there are eight chapters inside the German B2
vocab ANC we have pronouns conjunctions verbs nouns adjectives adverbs
prepositions and determiners now if you go to chapter 4 nouns you can see
there's a little plus icon in front of it if I click on it you can see that
there are 19 subdecks inside it they range from Academia intellect animals
Arts entertainment all the way to time maths numbers and transportation now
what I've done is that I've taken a look at at all different words within chapter
4 nouns and have categorized them by theme so if you wish to learn more about
food and drinks you can do so if you wish to learn more about materials and
substances you can do so or if you wish to learn more about society and economy
you can do so now that was my first point which is to show the course
structure now i' like to go to the second point which is to show the course
content and as I mentioned before I will have a look at three Architects I will
have a look at home which is Within Chapter 4 nouns I'll have a look at
chapter five adjectives and I'll have a look at chapter 3 verbs
now I don't have I do not have enough time to go over all the Architects but I
do believe that by showing you these three you'll already have a great
overview of what they expect when you get the German B2 vocab ANC so let's get
started with home I'll click on home I'll click on study now and I would like
to begin with this one now this is the first car type we can see that there's a
German sentence right over here and we have two blank areas now it's your job
to know what goes inside these blank areas underneath it we have have the
English translation of the German sentence I bought my niece a tailoring
kit and finally we have a picture and a picture is a visual representation of
the German sentence and many Studies have shown that if you have a picture or
visual representation you're much better able to understand what you're learning
so the German sentence in this case and you're also better able to memorize it
now finally I'd like to point out that a and kit are bolded and underlined within
the within the English sentence now this is so you know what you have to know in
a German sentence so how you say a kit in German so let's find out set and
set sets so as you can tell there are three areas we have a sentence area we
have a singular area and we have a plural area so i' like to begin with the
first area which is the sentence area see right over here we have the German
sentence this is the answer that we're looking for I set and you can also tell
that it's colorcoded it's in green why is this well German is a gender language
with three genders we have masculine feminine and neutral now I've colorcoded
all of them so you can immediately tell what gender it is when you're studying a
German sentence so masculine nouns will show up as blue feminine nouns will show
up as pink and neutral nouns will show up as green and you can tell this one is
neutral by the fact that it is green so which is really handy for you you can
immediately recognize the gender and also better memorize it underneath the
German sentence we have the IP notation of the German sentence and this is here
so you can better pronounce the German sentence this will really help you
underneath that we have the English translation of the German sentence and
finally we have the audio so the second area is what I
mentioned uh what I call the singular area so we have the singular noun in
definite form we have the sing singular noun in indefinite form form we have the
IB notation and again this will help you pronounce it finally we have the English
translation and if you click on this that's set i'm set you can hear audio
third area is the plural area we have the German plural form we have the IP
annotation we have the English translation and we have the audio D sets
great so that was the first example let's go to another one one of the
merchants manipulated the scales in his shop the skills how do you say the skills and again same setup however this
time it's pink because scales in German is
feminine you can find great decorations in this store how do you say decorations and again same setup and we can tell
that it's feminine because it's pink the household is run by all the family
members how do you say the household and again we can tell that it
is it has the same setup however this time the household is in blue why is
that because it is a masculine noun the counter was full of stains how
do you say the counter
great let's do one or two more let's light the candles on the table for
dinner how do you say the candles great uh let's do one more the final one
a tissue fell out of her pants Pockets great now this was the first
card type where you see uh some blank areas and you have to know what goes
inside the blank areas now I'd like to show you the second card
type and the second card type is a is a typing
exercise you see a blank area as You' seen before I'll just go to an
appropriate one this one this is what I wanted to show you so again this is
something that we've seen before we see a German sentence there are two blank
spots two blank areas we have the English translation uh we have the
household Bard and underlined so this means you have to know the household
German again we have the picture all all things that you've seen before but this
here is new this over here is the part where you have to type in the correct
answer and Anki knows where you typed in the word correctly and this exercise is
here so you can actually test if you can spell words correctly which is incredbly
important if you want to wish to learn if you wish to learn new words their wonderful and as you can tell I typed in
the answer correctly hence it is green however what if I didn't know the
correct answer what if I were like H maybe something like this is the issue
I'm not the answer let's have a look and as you can tell my answer was
completely incorrect I did have the gender correctly but the
rest not so much but that's okay because Ani helps you an shows what you did
right and what you did wrong so over here the part is in green are the things
that I typed in correctly you see over here there's some things in Gray well
this is what I've completely missed uh some parts that were correct are in
green and what I had incorrect is shown in Red so Anki helps you when it comes
to spelling of words now I could continue like this but I think you get
the picture more typing exercises so the first card type is a blank area you have
to know what goes inside it and the second one is a typing exercise so I'll
go to chapter five adjectives which is the second deck that I wanted to show
you uh let's have a look at this one fighting climate change is vital for the
survival of our planet how do is say vital in German and again this is what
we've seen before German sentence with a blank area and a picture the so again things that we've seen before
we see a sentence area German sentence IP anotation translation audio and over
here we have the adjective IPA of the adjective translation and audio let's do another one the best
man's speech at the wedding was memorable how do you say memorable wonderful the pink ribbon is
representative of breast cancer research how do you say representative the school is opposed to
letting children use their cell phones during class har is [Music] opposed
let's do one or two more children are often impatient when they want something impatient the characteristic smile of
the TV presenter was beloved by all characteristic
characteris uh one more your answer is incorrect would you like to try again incorrect
F so that was the first car type one that I mentioned to you before uh now if
I were to continue long enough and far enough in the end I would end up with
the typing exercises which is a place that I've
almost reached but because there are so many cards over here you can see it uh
German sentence typing part English translation of course part bold
underlined and we see a picture now again you've seen a typing exercise
before but I just wanted to show you that it's
there now I'll go to the third deck which is chapter three verbs I'll click
on study now and we see again the same setup but this one is a bit more
interesting we see German sentence English translation a picture however
you may notice that the verb is in the full form the full form to survey and what is interesting about
this part and that is what I wanted to mention is that all things all words
that are in the verb deck have are are noted in the full verb form so in the
infinitive form now why is this relevant if you are learning a new language the
most important form of the verb is the full verb form or sometimes called
infinitive form once you know the full verb form you are able to understand or
you're able to conjugate it in different tenses and for different subject
pronouns as well so the full verb form is the most important one I will bill
you the total amount via email Bill and you can see over here we have
full verb form the celebrity wants to gain a lot
of followers on social media to gain I was worried that my son was going
to crash the other cars into the other cars and again you can see it's the full
work form the children deserve a little reward for their good behavior the students in my class need
to retain a lot of information let me clarify the plan with
an example clarify
CL and if I were to continue long enough and far enough I would end up with the
typing exercises and as you can tell there are
many many cards and many many words and verbs for you to practice so as you can
tell over here this is what I wanted to show you you would end up with the
typing exercise so again all the verbs over
here are in the full verb form and all the nouns in in chapter 4 nouns are
color coded so you can know the gender blue masculine pink feminine and green
neutral now I'd like to go to my third point which is to show you some brief
editing options and question I get asked often is how do you regulate how many
cards you see per day well I'll show you if you click on this little icon over
here and then click on options you can see that there's a part called daily
limits where we have new cards per day which regulates how many new cards you
see per day and we have maximum reviews per day and this is this regulates how
many reviews you see every day so it's things that you have done before for a
review now you can change this I can change this from 50 to 100 if I wish to
do so I can do this over here as well click on Save and you can see the totals
increased I can decrease it again for to for example 20 if I wish to do
[Music] so and it has changed again my
recommendation for you would be to start with a low number so 20 is something
that I think is fair the reason for this is that language learning is all about
creating a habit and it's easy cre a habit if the amount amount of cards you
have to do every day is low you get started well you can build up a rhythm
and then of course if you wish to do so you can increase the total amount of
cards so that was it for this video I hope you enjoyed my explanation of the
German B2 vocabulary Arc you can get the deck at language
atlas.com this is where you can also get other German decks as well other
language decks as well I will share all the links with you in the description
comment section thank you again for watching I
wish you the best of luck when when it comes to learning German language and I
wish you a very good day goodbye

=== SOURCE #89 (ID: OpvzujGKInI) ===
[Music] for the past 2 years and 3 months I've
learned an average of 13 new words in German every day which adds up to 10,000
words I want to explain how I did it and how a few habits can help you either
start on or continue on the path towards mastery of another
language two years ago I began learning German as an ashkanazi Jew with a wife
who grew up in Germany and speaks German and since I have an interest in history
I figured I would learn German at some point when my wife wasn't sure that she
would speak German with our future kids I decided I would learn the language to
try to get her to reconsider and with a full-time job and becoming a father less
than a year into starting my journey learning German I had to find ways to
squeeze German into my life
the internet's polyglot grandfather Steve Kaufman says that beyond the total
number of words that you know in a language learning a language primarily
comes down to three things the time spent with the language the attitude of
the learner the ability to notice and so if I wanted to learn as many words in
the language and spend as much time with German as I could where to begin with a
textbook of course I used this grammar book for the first few weeks of learning
German just to demystify a few of the more so B deadening things noun articles
basic pronunciation and how separable verbs work in German but even with a
great grammar textbook like this one is this routine got real old real quick as
an American who learned Spanish in middle school and high school but can't
speak it at all I know that grammar and textbooks are no guarantee that you'll
actually learn language but I'm a bit of a YouTube connoisseur most likely just
like you and so I typed German into the search bar within YouTube and I came
across the on the street interviews of the easy German team these are all
German real life interviews with both English and German subtitles so they
work great as a beginner and also as you improve with the language it's just
compelling conversations on a lot of different topics you want to know how a
55-year-old budgets in Germany there you go how about a 26-year-old describing
her Sunday in Berlin perfect the videos would have been Charming in English so
the fact that German seeps into your head as you're watching is just an added
benefit there are plenty of channels just like this similar for other
languages and for the first month I was relying heavily on these English
subtitles but it was a fun Challenge and mystery trying to peek over at the
German subtitles just to keep me on my toes and when I realized that these
videos would be a great source of varied vocabulary I needed to find a way to get
that vocabulary into my head ideally as efficiently as possible I tried physical
note cards early on to learn German words but I had a few issues first of
all how do you decide which note cards to review if you don't want to review
all of your words every single day and second when have I quote unquote learned
a word and can I stop reviewing that card and third do I review words from
German to English or English back to German Anki or Ani is a digital note
card app with spaced repetition software that took care of most of the
frustrations that I had with making and reviewing physical note cards the most
important part about Ani is that it only shows you words when you need to see
them not every single day so it shows you new word if you get that right
they'll show you the next day if you get it right again then a week later and
then if you get it right again a month later Etc but when you review a word and
don't remember it Anki understands that the word is harder for you and it'll
show it to you more often to reactivate the word in your brain because of this
smart scheduling if you scale that up to dozens or hundreds or thousands of words
this becomes a very powerful tool I'll link to other videos that explain in
more detail how Hony Works Etc but let me be clear I know 10,000 words in
German because of ani I started by making very
simple note cards based on the YouTube videos that I was watching and the
textbook that I was working with it was a German word on one side and then an
English definition or two just a few words uh and maybe a picture this format
worked for me because I could make the cards very easily maybe a few hundred in
one sitting if I found enough words uh and reviewing them only took 3 or 4
seconds I use these as double-sided note cards where on the first day I would
learn German over to English and then the next day Ani would show me the
English side of the card and I'd have to get it over to German like I mentioned
it was an average of 13 new cards a day but I would just go through the full
stack of whatever Anki had scheduled for me for that day based on my previous
reviews Anki is primarily a free desktop app which is what I used at the
beginning to both make and review cards and while the mobile version on Android
is free the iOS version for iPhones cost $25 and I wasn't sure that that was
worth it at the beginning until I was confident that the system would work for
me after a week of seeing how fun and engaging and effective the reviews could
be I had to make a decision either I could stick with just using the desktop
experience or I could view the $25 as a bet that I could learn 1,000 words in
German so I paid for the app and began seriously making and reviewing note
cards that meant that I had a tool but now I needed to find a compelling and
organized way to find what I would [Music] learn 2 months after I started learning German using YouTube and this textbook
my wife and I went to Germany for the first time to visit family I could catch
individual words and conversations as she was catching up with old friends and
I was walked around on the streets mesmerized by the street signs in German
and seeing the stores Etc as a bit of a bookworm I knew that I wanted to get
some books but reading was still painfully slow so we went to a bookstore
in the store we quickly decided that even though kids books definitely
matched my level it didn't seem like it was worth the money so we went to peruse
the science SE section and came across this book which translates to explain it
to me like I'm five the book is a series of questions and answers on a million
different topics and since each question and answer is only about a page long we
figured that I'd be able to go through one question and answer a day for about
20 to 30 minutes and since the book is only 220 Pages overall that's long but
not too long the book is written in informal but precise language and it's
on a bunch of different topic so I'd be able to learn German and Stoke my
curiosity and have fun but it would also be an uphill battle so we got this book
and this book became my Rosetta Stone and I don't mean Rosetta Stone the
language learning app I mean my literal Rosetta Stone the same way that we
deciphered Egyptian hieroglyphs my process for reading was relatively
simple I would try to read a sentence I would read until I couldn't understand a
word I would type that into Google translate as my dictionary and see if
that unlocked the rest of the sentence then I would quickly make an an card in
about 10 seconds I would be both German to English and English back to German
and I would do that for every word that I didn't know as I was reading and then
the next time I opened up Anki I would learn the German to English version of
that card and then the next day the English to German version of that card I
said before that this was going to be an uphill battle but reading this book was
like walking through concrete there is a special feeling of being in hell when
you understand all of the individual words in a sentence but have no idea
what it's trying to tell you but every single day I would have these moments of
recognizing a word that I had previously learned with Ani or when a sentence just
clicked into place and these moments were so addicting overall things were
hard but these moments gave me motivation to keep pushing uphill and I
felt like a little kid discovering the world and I got to share these cool
articles or questions and answers with my wife in hindsight I probably didn't
need to make a new vocab card for all of these very specific words that a
beginner doesn't need to know and Google translate was definitely a crush early
on but both of those things helped me continue working with the book and keep
working on German and improving my skills reading was definitely my main
input activity but I did continue watching YouTube videos and these
interviews and I also started listening to podcast though I was understanding
very little early on the more I read and the more I watched the more I was able
to build my intuition for the language so I understood not just the individual
words but the meaning and then the music and then the feel of the langu
after about 6 months of reading these questions and answers and learning 13
new words a day I finished the book and I learned 1,500 new words from this book
and those 1500 words became the foundation of my German and definitely
felt like a good return on investment for that initial $25 purchase of the
Anki IOS app so I was ready to push forward to 10,000 total words the author
James Clear has shared the following before you discover what you love fewer
commitments more experiments after you discover what you love fewer experiments
more commitments with Anki for vocabulary books for reading YouTube and
podcasts for listening and watching I had the influx of words and
understanding that I would need to begin to build a feel for the language I
picked up the pace of my reading building on the vocabulary and
confidence that I had from Reading as I got more comfortable I noticed that
Google translate would take me down rabbit holes that would take me away
from reading so I started relying more on context to understand both the
individual words and the meaning of what was going on because of my insatiable
search for new words on the road to 10,000 I devised a new way to collect
words my bookmark would be a blank note card that I would fill up with words
that I didn't yet know and every time I filled up a new note card I had a few
hundred more words to add into Ani to add into my rotation with this new
streamlined system of reading words and trying to rely on context I picked up
the pace of my reading I read 2,000 pages in a young adult series that my
wife grew up with I read the first four and a half Harry Potter books and some
other fiction I also read about some German history I read about the
Holocaust this was quality Leisure Time on steroids reading new areas meant
learning new words and learning new words meant that the progress in German
was palpable every single day week month and then eventually year I was reading a
lot and then I was learning new words sometimes it would be five words a day
sometimes 35 a day but this whole process was unlocked by the fact that
this book served as my Rosetta Stone and that then on January 1st of 2023 I made
a decision that I should have made a lot earlier I took the time that I was
already spending on YouTube and on podcasts and said nope it's got to be
completely in German I made a throw a dedicated account for watching German
YouTube and searched things like astronomy photography tech reviews
comedy and history and then I subscribed to a bunch of different channels and I
figured as I watched more the algorithm would feed me up better and better
content completely jump started my comprehension and it was unbel
believably fun rather than mostly seeing German in the controlled environment of
reading of black and white pieces of paper YouTube and podcasts became a way
of seeing what I was learning in Ani as alive and breathing in terms of how this
fit into my process particularly with podcasts I didn't want to interrupt the
flow to look up a word or create a new card so I'd estimate that less than 1%
of the words that I know came from podcasts directly and probably 10 to 20%
of the words that I know came from YouTube but because the most common
words in language show up no matter what the form whether that's speaking
listening reading Etc vocabulary wasn't an issue as I built my listening skills
I kept up with learning new vocabulary so the march to 10,000 continued the
initial excitement and curiosity and anticipation about what could be learned
in German was now being replaced by actual enjoyment of the language as
things began to click more and more and more and with all of this reading and
listening and watching and reviewing note cards I was spending more and more
time with the language and when you stick to a routine for a while at a
certain point you pause to reflect on where you've gotten and more than 2
years later there hasn't been a single day that's gone by without me learning
or engaging with German in some meaningful way in terms of reviewing
note cards I've only missed six individual days and all of those were
Jewish holidays when my phone was powered down anyway and I made up my
reviews the next day so in terms of a streak I'm fine having missed those 6
days yes anky has its conditions doing your reviews can sometimes feel ruthless
especially if you miss a day cuz then you have to double the reviews to do the
next day but the results speak for themselves Beyond spending awesome
Leisure Time with great content on the internet and great books doing my anky
reviews is relatively quick on average it only takes about 3 to 4 seconds to
review each card and in total that's less than 30 minutes to review all of my
vocab cards every day which I can do from bed I can do it from the train or I
can do it in a dedicated work session plus with how smart Anki is using Ai and
machine learning algorithms to set your schedule it's tough to beat the
efficiency that it provides taking the number of times I've reviewed the card
and 3 to 4 seconds per review for the 10,000 words that I know I've only spent
about 2 and a half cumulative minutes on each of those words definitely seems
like a fair tradeoff over the first two years that I
learned German I didn't consistently pursue speaking or writing in the language while the vast majority of my time in
German has been spent reading and listening and watching having 10,000
words at my fingertips is making this process a lot easier I also mentioned at
the beginning of the video that I became a dad while learning German so this
theoretical goal became very tangible when our son was about 3 months old my
wife and I started reading to him he didn't understand a word that we were
saying but he liked that we were animated and he would help us flip the
pages my book of choice was Nuclear Physics for babies and my wife's book of
choice was Declan ice bear my time with my son is the only extended period of
time in my life that I've been around a baby and I'm learning like many other
parents how important repetition is in early childhood development even though
my wife and I are taking the one parent one language approach we read him these
books often enough that both of us had both books memorized within just a few
weeks of starting reading with him so now even a year later after we've moved
on to other books I can still tell you the story of just like you can have a Rosetta
Stone to learn the vocabulary and meaning of a language a simple book can
be viewed like a script to learn the majority of sounds within a language and
yes you can be sure that I used his other baby books to learn new vocab to
put in Tanki yes I have the obvious advantage of having a germane speaking
wife but but especially early on my speaking skills were so bad that I
didn't want to try to turn my marriage into a language exchange after all the
work that I've put in we'll Converse during meals or when we're out on a walk
together and we'll talk about how our day is going or bigger ideas the process
of speaking and output in general is very slow and it's taking place over the
course of months but it has been a great way to gauge how effortlessly German can
just flow in my mind
okay so I guess what next taken some time to appreciate how enjoyable the
process of getting to 10,000 words was but even more than that German is now
just an Avenue to building my life our 15-month-old son is just beginning to
speak so now I get to read with him get to explore the world with
him and I get to see him bond with my wife without feeling locked out of one
half of the one parent one language setup that we have I also get to deepen
my relationship with my wife whether that's just by learning more about the
way that she grew up or when German has the perfect way of expressing something
I get to watch the news in German I listen to podcasts in German and in
general just a new part of the world has been unlocked for me I just get to spend
more time with the language and people that I love I'm still learning new words
and I'm still reviewing the 10,000 that I already know I hope by having shared
this process and my journey I'll have captured a moment in time for a personal
Milestone and maybe shown one or two tricks tricks when it comes to learning
a language that you're trying to build a fondness
for

=== SOURCE #92 (ID: j5sim744zxY) ===
Hello! In this video, you'll learn the 100 most important phrases in German. You really need these phrases every day. At the supermarket, at work, with friends, everywhere. You'll hear each sentence and repeat it right after you. I'll say each sentence twice. Speak along aloud and don't put any pressure on yourself. Turn on the subtitles to understand everything. By the way, I've written my first book about my life in Germany. You can find the link in the comments. Are you ready? Then let's begin. Good morning. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good evening. Hello, how are you? Hello, how are you? I'm fine, thank you. I'm fine, thank you. And you? How are you? And you? How are you? Nice to see you. Nice to see you. Goodbye. Goodbye. Bye, see you soon. Bye, see you soon. See you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Well done. Those were your first ten phrases. You need greetings every day. Say them out loud and trust your instincts. Now let's continue with introductions and getting to know each other. My name is Thomas. What's your name? I'm from Spain. Where are you from? I live in Munich. Where do you live ? Take a deep breath. How much have you understood so far? You're doing really well – keep at it! For everyone who likes our videos, we have something special. We've written a book filled with real, everyday stories in German. It includes vocabulary and interactive questions so you can improve your German every day. You'll find the link in the comments below. Now, let's continue – you can do it! Where do you live? I speak a little German. I speak a little German. I'm still learning German. I'm still learning German. Can you speak more slowly, please? Can you speak more slowly, please? I don't understand that. I don't understand that. Very good. Now you can introduce yourself and ask questions. This is the most important step. Stop thinking. Just repeat after you. Now for everyday sentences. Can you help me? Can you help me? Where is the toilet? Where is the toilet? How much does that cost? How much does that cost? I would like to buy that, please. I would like to buy that, please. Do you have that in another size? Do you have that in another size? Where can I find the train station? Where can I find the train station? When does the next bus leave? When does the next bus leave? I need a ticket to Berlin. I need a ticket to Berlin. Can you explain the way to me? Can you explain the way to me? I'm lost. I'm lost. Keep going. These were important sentences for your everyday life. These sentences will save you in real situations. Keep at it and speak out loud. Now we're going to the restaurant. A table for two, please. A table for two, please. The menu, please. The menu, please. What do you recommend? What do you recommend? I'd like to order this, please. I'd like to order this, please. I'm a vegetarian. I'm a vegetarian. I'm allergic to nuts. I'm allergic to nuts. This tastes very good. This tastes very good. The bill, please. The bill, please. Is service included? Is service included? I'll pay by card. I'll pay by card. Fantastic. You're already at forty sentences. That's going really well. Trust your pronunciation. Now for sentences about work and the office. I work as an engineer. I am looking for a job. I have an appointment at ten o'clock. Can we reschedule the meeting? I'll send you the email today. I don't quite understand the task. Could you please explain it? I need a little more time. The project is almost finished. I 'll get back to you tomorrow . Halfway there. Fifty sentences done. You're doing really well. Take a quick breath and continue. Now for sentences about feelings and health. I don't feel well today. I 'm very tired . I'm very happy. I'm a little stressed. I have a headache. I need a doctor. I 'm cold. I'm very excited. I'm very excited. I'm having fun. I'm having fun. I'm very happy. I'm very happy. Well done. Let's continue. These sentences about feelings are very important. With these sentences, you can really communicate. Now come important questions for conversations. What did you do today? What did you do today? How was your day? How was your day? What do you do on the weekend? What do you do on the weekend? Have you eaten yet? Have you eaten yet? Can you help me, please? Can you help me, please? May I ask you something? May I ask you something? What does that mean in German? What does that mean in German? How do you say that in German ? How do you say that in German? Can you repeat that, please? Can you repeat that, please? I have a question. I have a question. Very good. Two more categories and you've practiced all one hundred sentences. You're almost there. Speak aloud and stay focused. Now come agreement and disagreement. Yes, that's true. Yes, that's true. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. I agree. I agree. That sounds good. That sounds good. Of course, no problem. Of course, no problem. No, I don't want that. No, I don't want that. Unfortunately, that's not possible. Unfortunately, that's not possible. I'm afraid I don't have time. I'm afraid I don't have time. I don't like that. I'm afraid I don't agree. I'm afraid I don't agree. Almost there. Ten more sentences. You're really strong today. The last sentences are especially important. Say them loud and clearly. Sorry, that was my mistake. Sorry, that was my mistake. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you very much for your help. Thank you very much for your help. You're welcome. You're welcome. That 's very kind of you. That's very kind of you. Have a nice day. Have a nice day. Congratulations. Congratulations . All the best to you. All the best to you. I look forward to next time. I'm looking forward to next time. See you next time. See you next time. Fantastic! You practiced all one hundred most important German phrases today. That's a real achievement. These phrases are your foundation for real conversations in German. Repeat them aloud every day and you'll quickly become more confident. Leave a comment and tell me which category was the most difficult for you. Give me a like if the video helped you. Subscribe to the channel for more German videos. See you in the next video.

=== SOURCE #93 (ID: lN9lG10G0Zk) ===
Hello! In this video, you'll practice your German for thirty minutes. You'll hear simple German sentences and repeat them right after you. This is the perfect exercise for your pronunciation and confidence. Speak along aloud and repeat each sentence exactly. I'll say each sentence twice. Turn on the subtitles to understand everything. By the way, I've written my first book about my life in Germany. With funny stories, you'll learn to speak everyday German. You can find the link in the comments. Are you ready? Then let's begin. Hello, I'm learning German today. Hello, I'm learning German today . My name is Markus . I come from Italy. I speak a little German. I speak a little German. I learn German every day. I practice my pronunciation every day. I understand simple sentences . Can you speak slowly? Can you speak slowly? Yes, I speak slowly and clearly. Yes, I speak slowly and clearly. I get up early every morning. I get up early every morning. I drink a coffee in the morning. I eat a slice of bread with butter. I eat a slice of bread with butter. I'm ready for the day. I'm ready for the day. I have plenty of time today. I have plenty of time today. I have a small family. I have a small family.
Take a deep breath. How much have you understood so far? You're doing really well – keep at it! For everyone who likes our videos, we have something special. We've written a book filled with real everyday stories in German. With vocabulary and interactive questions so you can improve your German every day. You can find the link below in the comments. And now, onward – you can do it! My mother is very friendly. My mother is very friendly. My father works every day. My father works every day. I have a brother. I have a brother. My sister lives in Berlin. My sister lives in Berlin. I meet my friends in the evening. I meet my friends in the evening. I like to read a book. I like to read a book. I like to listen to music. I like to listen to music. I like to do sports. I like to do sports. I like to go for walks. I like to go for walks. Very good. You're doing really well. Just keep going and speak out loud. Let's continue. Today the weather is very nice. Today the weather is very nice. The sun is shining today. The sun is shining today. Sometimes it rains in Germany. Sometimes it rains in Germany. In winter it is cold. In winter it is cold. In summer it is warm. In summer it is warm. I feel good today. I feel good today. I am a little tired. I am a little tired. I have a lot of energy today. I have a lot of energy today. I want to speak German better. I want to speak German better. I am going I'm going to the supermarket today. I have a shopping list. I'm buying apples and bananas. I'm buying tomatoes and lettuce. I need fresh bread. I'm buying milk and cheese. I'm getting a bottle of water. How much does that cost? That's a bit expensive. I'll pay at the checkout. I pay at the checkout. I pay by card. I need a bag . Can you help me? Where can I find the rice? The rice is on the left shelf. The drinks are on the right. The supermarket is open until eight o'clock. Half-time. You speak really well. Stop thinking. Just repeat. Onward. Now I'm going home. At home I'm cooking dinner. The food tastes very good. I'm full and satisfied. I'm washing the dishes. I 'm sitting on the sofa. I'm watching a film. I 'm reading an interesting book. I 'm calling my mother. I call my mother. We talk about the day. I go to sleep at ten o'clock. I am very tired today. I will continue tomorrow. I learn new words every day. I speak full sentences in German. I repeat each sentence aloud. I listen carefully. I try to understand everything right away. I am not afraid of making mistakes. I pay attention to my pronunciation. I am patient with myself. I make progress every day. Almost there. Just one last block. You are really strong today. Speak out loud and stay focused. Here we go. I stay motivated and positive. I listen to German podcasts . I am thinking in German more and more often. My goal is to speak fluent German. I trust my learning process. I don't give up. Learning is my routine . I remain disciplined. I stay focused. I am proud of myself. I take it step by step . I trust myself. I think positively. I am courageous when speaking. I stay calm. I speak clearly and distinctly. I know my goal. I practice every day. My vocabulary grows every day . I am becoming more and more confident . I did it today . Fantastic! You spoke German for thirty minutes today. That's a real achievement. That's exactly how you build your German step by step. Say it out loud every day and repeat the sentences regularly. Thirty minutes a day is enough if you're really committed. Mistakes are normal and part of the process. The important thing is that you practice every day and don't give up. If this video helped you, give me a like and leave a comment. Let me know if you spoke along aloud for all thirty minutes today. Subscribe to the channel and practice with me again for thirty minutes tomorrow. See you in the next video.

=== SOURCE #96 (ID: vLtRQO80Ofk) ===
Germans are known for not liking small talk. I'll try today here in Berlin to see if I can't have a little small talk with the people here. Let's go! [Music] You're not good at it, are you? How are the contests? That we Germans are bad at it? The question is, how nice will it be today? Beautiful weather today, I think so too, and for this time of year, Mr. Madness! The weather is beautiful today. The weather is really beautiful at the moment, considering it's already October. Wonderful! Otherwise, we always like to notice what's going on. It's a bit too warm for me too. I've dressed differently. How do you find the weather in Berlin so far? Very good. What do you mean, so far? Since when? Since August? Have you been here? Then I would say prepare yourself for a few very cold and hard months now, because winter in Berlin is hard. But if you're sometimes forced to work until Monday, for example, I never know where you're coming to a party. What are you doing there? I try to let myself drift, a few things, or I also see that people are playing and looking for something to do. I have a conversation partner with whom I don't have to engage in any other kind of small talk. When asked " How are you?", I give an honest answer, even if I'm not doing so well, and nobody usually wants to hear that. It doesn't fit into the "How are you?" category. Really, really awful. My grandma died yesterday, my dog broke his leg, and that's because that falls into the " Friday" category, which doesn't necessarily belong there. You just have to live with that in Germany. If you ask your question, you'll get the harsh answer. Speaking of talking, have you heard that we started the Easy German podcast? There, we don't do small talk, but talk every week about life in Germany, good expressions in German, and sometimes philosophy. It's best to check out easygerman.fm. There you'll find out how to subscribe to the podcast. And if you also support Björn, you'll additionally receive a transcript of each episode and a vocabulary help section where we show you the most important words and their translations every minute, similar to the subtitles in this video. And so on, and I think I urgently need to add... Beer, well, which economy is so fond of dancing? No, no, that's in southern Germany, and the hipsters in Berlin are n't exactly swaying either. Polish beer, which whisky? Or, I once read, it does n't comply with the Bavarian Purity Law in the German Reich, that's why it tastes so good. And otherwise, well, otherwise it's actually quite nice. I wanted to come here by bike, but I didn't. I'm actually from Schöneberg, not from my place. And what else do you do? I can say I enjoy the sun. For me, a lamp is a sun, a lamp, power with vitamins, aversion to depression. People, apartment prices in Berlin are terrible. The most important thing is that you 're healthy, that's right. So, I just did a little more research and saw in another YouTube video that supposedly, for small talk among Germans, you should always know how many square meters you have and what you pay for it. You prefer to talk about money, or that's what they do in the USA. But actually, in Germany, you don't talk much about money because it's supposed to be dry, I mean, during lighthearted small talk. Talk, that's right, what you know, they ask me what I do for a living, what you do for a living, what you do for a living [Music] I don't actually like the question at all, it was your suggestion, that's already clear, how do you then continue in Turkey, talking about the weather and the water, talking about the weather and the water, why, as I said, it's so easily forgotten, what did you do yesterday, for example, do you actually make small talk in Russia too, not as often as in Germany or the USA, but in Germany you also make very little small talk, actually in Berlin, but more than elsewhere, it seems, because there are so many Americans here, probably, well, they don't just start with a question directly, except for the usual "hey you" and build on that, actually having no answer and then there's usually a compliment, such a great basis and you think, and that's what I think the Germans can't do because they immediately ask what you do and the Americans say, "That's great, you look great today, that jacket, he's incredible, I wanted to compliment you too, I think your style, the cool Rose and so on, so you are definitely dressed to impress, Jetstream price, actually, yes, thank you, thank you, where do you always get your clothes? From different places, I got them from a regular store, so not a chain, but locally produced stuff, but yes, that's better, you shouldn't support the big chains so much, so important, exactly because too much capitalism isn't good for our world either, yes, that could be, I actually have a number, jacket, decency over my head, but that's why, good, but it's also nice, your sunglasses, I wanted to, I knew I bought them, they're really great, Rossmann, well, I have to go there sometime, man, I actually like going there, it's around the corner from me, why, what is, what is, five minutes and it's for drinking beer, but he actually has to ask first if we're allowed to celebrate, are we allowed to film them, yes, thank you very much, because I always get annoyed that I only ask afterwards, I thought it was great, that was good, that we had our second attempt and that was safe, is the German, yes, so my conclusion of the day is that the Germans actually almost all say they don't like small talk But if you just give it a try, they're not as bad at it as they say. You can write in the comments about your experiences with small talk, either in your countries, in Germany, or with Germans. And if you'd like to chat with Kali, Jannis, and me for longer, you can subscribe to our new podcast. How that works is explained on Easy German FM. And if you become a member of ESI German on Page, you'll not only get interactive exercises for this video but also the transcript and vocabulary help for the podcast. In that sense, thank you very much and see you soon. [Music] Clearly, and there are no

=== SOURCE #97 (ID: 7f9-txqJCGY) ===
you probably already have language
learning goals but the real key to success is to make the right goals in
this video i'll show you how with five tips to stop wasting your time and start
learning [Music] hi everyone alicia here in this video i'll teach you five tips to stop
procrastinating and keep your motivation for learning a new language
some of these are study methods and some will be general ways that you can keep
your study motivation up while these tips are for studying a language some of
them are good for other things in your life too such as new challenges or other
types of goals but before we start don't forget to click the link in the
description to get your bundle of pdf cheat sheets including survival phrases
romantic lines learning tips absolutely free
now you probably already have some goals you're trying to achieve when it comes
to your language learning progress while achieving these goals is important
making sure you make the right goals is the real key to success the very first tip is to set smart goals
smart is an acronym meaning each letter in the word stands for another word the
earliest known reference to smart goals was in an article written by george t
doran for a 1981 issue of the management review academic journal the acronym
varies depending on its use but each letter generally stands for some
criterion that helps with effective goal setting for our purposes let's define
smart goals as follows the s stands for specific
your goals should target a specific area for improvement our natural tendency is
to have a goal that's very general if your goal isn't specific enough you'll
lack the focus and proper direction you need to achieve your goals so s is for
specific m stands for measurable your goals
should be quantifiable they should be able to indicate progress in some way
you have to be able to track your progress otherwise you won't know if
you're getting any closer to your goal as you see yourself getting closer and
closer to your goal your motivation will go up so your goals need to be
measurable a stands for achievable your goals have
to be achievable many people want to become fluent in
their target language immediately however this goal is unrealistic your
goals have to be achievable if your goal is too challenging for your
current level it will only demotivate you when you aren't where you think you
should be instead think about what results can
realistically be achieved given your level your resources and any constraints
such as time so make sure that your goal is actually achievable r stands for relevant
your goals may be specific they may be measurable and they may be achievable
but are they actually relevant to what you want to achieve don't just do a lot
of things if you're focused on improving your
speaking skills in your target language make sure that you spend your time
having conversations with others make sure you're doing the right things
so that your efforts actually bring you closer to your goal instead of just
giving you more work [Music] t stands for timely you need to set a deadline for your goals if you don't
specify when you plan to achieve the result you've set for yourself it's very
easy to put off the task you can delay it until tomorrow the next week or the
next month and at this rate you'll never get things done so your goal must have
an end date so remember tip number one is to set smart goals specific
measurable achievable relevant and timely
so for example a goal you could make is registering for a challenging test a
test that's a little bit beyond your current level i hate failing so if i
register for a challenging test i'm motivated to study because i don't want
to fail this is a good example of a smart goal
because tests are specific there are tons of different
tests focused on speaking grammar and comprehension pick a test that can
measure the specific area in which you'd like to grow
measurable tests are measurable every test measures your performance to some
degree whether it's a total count of right and
wrong answers or a simple pass or fail every test measures your performance
tests are achievable there's an important detail to remember here though
find a test that is achievable for you if you're a beginner then the most
advanced test is probably not right for you find one that's meant for beginners
then after that one work your way up to more advanced tests in the future
tests are relevant most if not all language tests are designed to ensure
that you're capable of performing to a set standard in your target language
lower level tests are designed to ensure that you can handle the most essential
aspects of your target language but there are tests for all levels including
higher education entry exams that could be difficult even for native speakers
pick the one that's right for you and finally tests are timely if your test is
completed in a physical location then this one is obvious you have to be at
that spot at the set time ready to take the test there's no wiggle room but even
online tests will most likely have a deadline for you to complete them
[Music] the second tip to help you stop
procrastinating and to keep your motivation up is to create a diary or
social media account that you can update every day
this may seem simple or even unrelated to language learning but by creating a
diary in your target language you have the chance to actually create in the
language itself creating a diary is also a great way to practice writing in your
target language another method is to create a social
media account which gives you the chance to connect with other people who are
working toward the same goals as you maybe they can even give you feedback on
your writing if you're following people online who
regularly share good resources those can be really helpful for you too it lets
you find new tools that can encourage and motivate you especially if they
relate to some of your other interests such as music or books in other
languages this is a really good way to take a few
minutes every day to work towards your goal without it even seeming like work the third tip is to focus on
understanding a specific tv show or movie try to watch a movie in your
target language without any subtitles or try to understand your favorite tv show
that's in your target language if you don't already have a goal like this it
can be a fun way to practice if your friends often talk about a
particular tv show it could be a good way to study and a fun way to keep your
motivation up together plus tv shows and movies often use the language in a way
that's vastly different from the conversations provided in traditional
textbooks so you often get to hear different vocabulary choices it's a very
powerful way to learn a language and end up sounding more like a native speaker tip number four is to enroll in a
regular language course register for something you have to go to or you have
to participate in regularly meaning every week or two times a week or maybe
even every day the point of this is it's something that
gives you a pattern to follow forming a study habit will help you
progress very quickly it will make it easier for you to achieve your language
learning goals once you form the habit you won't even have to think about
starting each time it'll just be natural have something that you must take
responsibility for you'll be more motivated to continue if there are
others especially classmates or a teacher watching you progress
look for resources inside your community and if there are no opportunities there
look for things digitally you can find many of our videos on youtube on
facebook and of course our entire video and audio lesson library on our website
the lessons on our website also come with assignment courses so you can test
your knowledge [Music] the last tip is to make your goal public share your goal tell people about your
goal for example if you want to give a business presentation in your target
language this year then tell your colleagues or your boss about it some
people may find what you're doing interesting and they can support you
this kind of pressure can help push people forward who have trouble
motivating themselves alone by telling others about your goal you'll feel more
accountable because you told somebody that you were planning on doing
something there's an underlying sense of guilt if you don't accomplish the task
you may feel that you have failed your peers in some way even if there's no
direct pressure from them using this technique you can push
yourself into moving forward towards your goal especially at times when you
feel the least motivated and that brings us to the end of our
five tips to stop wasting time and start learning a language
we've talked a lot about how to set goals for yourself and think about new
challenges first i told you about creating smart
goals remember smart goals are specific measurable achievable relevant and
timely registering for a test is a great
example of a smart goal next we talked about keeping a diary or
social media account in your target language start doing it right now even
if you're still a beginner then i suggested that you focus on
understanding a specific tv show or movie
pick something in your target language that you really love because you may
need to watch it over and over again until it all makes sense to you
and next we talked about enrolling in a regular language course this will give
you something concrete that you must take responsibility for
finally make your goal public tell someone about your learning goals to
keep you accountable for them you're much less likely to abandon your studies
if you have friends asking you about your progress
i hope that these are useful tips that you can use to reach your language
learning goals and before we go let me remind you to
download tons of free pdf lessons to learn the language the fast fun and easy
way just click the link in the description if you like this video give
us a thumbs up and share it with anyone who may find it useful do you have any
good tips that you've used to help you reach your goals share them in the
comments thanks very much for watching and see you next time

=== SOURCE #98 (ID: lH0RoIiFTlI) ===
hey guys welcome back to the channel if 
you're here you're probably wondering how to learn German quickly even if you 
don't have a lot of time to commit that's whether you're juggling home 
school work or a million other things together but guess what you can learn German 
efficiently without spending hours every day today I'm sharing time saving tips techniques 
and my favorite resources to help you learn German fast even with a busy Shadow let's get started 
first off we need to talk about mindsets the key to learning a new language fast is efficiency 
over intensity it's not about cramming hours of study but about making use of small consistent 
hours in your day start by aiming for 10 to 20 minutes per day yes 10 minutes but make them count 
by focusing on high impact learning methods that will cover you in a second also don't stress 
about perfection it's all about progress the more relaxed you are the faster you'd absorb the 
language now let's talk about techniques you want to focus on methods that Pack-a-Punch and here are 
some methods that I recommend in every language a small number of words make up daily speech you can 
start by knowing the first 1,000 words that are used in Daily conversations focus on learning the 
most commonly used 1,000 words and you'll be able to understand a huge chunk of conversations and 
now flash cards like anky or apps like quizlets can help you nail this quickly number two chunking 
and phrasing o over grammar instead of memorizing grammar you can start by learning useful phrases 
of J ger or chunks of language this way you're already speaking in real sentences and having 
real conversations for example learn how to say again see you're already on your way to Hing food 
in German or asking for help space repetition is a super efficient way to remember vocabulary long 
term apps like an space out words when you review words ensuring you review them right before you 
forget them that way you're not wasting time reviewing what you already know okay let's talk 
about how you can sneak German into your everyday life without covering out an extra time are you 
commuting cooking doing chores use that time to listen to German podcasts YouTube videos or 
even audio books a good favorite is coffee break German they have bite-sized lessons perfect for 
multitasking number two change your phone language here is a sneaky hack change your phone's language 
to German it forces you to learn the language in every situation and you'll pick up new words you 
know instantly and constantly without realizing it if you find yourself scrolling through social 
media switch over to language learning apps like dualingo or Babble instead they make language 
learning feel like it's a fun game just five minutes here and there that can add up fast one of 
the best ways to learn fast is to actually speak with Native German speakers you don't have to wait 
until you are fluent you have to start now now there are language exchange platforms apps like 
tandem or lot talk pair you with native speakers you can text or voice chats with them you 
help them with English and they help you with German that's Tit for Tat you can also join German 
communities online join online forums or Facebook groups if you're comfortable with that where 
people speak in German even if you're just lurking at first and you're not sure what to do you start 
picking up how real conversations happen and that's so good for learning your German the last 
tip is all about setting goals and tracking your progress break it down instead of saying I want to 
be fluent in German you can set many goals like by the end of this week I want to be able to order 
food in German also track your progress apps like dingo or memorize show you your progress and and 
strs but you can also jot down what you've learned each day in a notebook it's so motivating to 
look back and see how far you have come and there you have it those are my top times saving tips 
techniques and resources to help you learn German fast even with a busy shle if you found these 
tips helpful hit the like button and subscribe for more language learning apps and let me know 
in the comments what's your biggest challenge when it comes to learning the German language I'd 
love to help thanks for watching b b see you soon

=== SOURCE #99 (ID: sFRXZJtMNGk) ===
Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today is another interesting topic. I'm going to talk about German language. As you know my native language is Russian and I speak English pretty well, I guess. And I also speak German. ich spreche Deutsch for the German who watch my video. My story with German is very compicated. When I was 12 years old, we had to choose a second language at school. So my first language was English I started to learn it when I was four. But then I had to choose a second language. I had to choose between French and German I don't really like how French sounds The choice was pretty obvious but I also didn't really like German language because I didn't get why would I need it. I totally understood why I needed English because English is everywhere I wanted to go to States or UK to study but why would I need German? But my mum was like "You have to learn German" because education in Germany is free. I don't remember how old I was. I think I was 12 I thought I start studying in five years I'd be able to learn my German but she was like "Go ahead and learn it" So I went there I wasn't interested at all I spent three years at school learning German And I couldn't say a word. I knew some basic phrases like Ich hei?e Marina All the basic stuff if you learn German When I realised I might actually need German language because higher education is free in Germany if you know German, it's easier to find the program They actually have 3 programs in English as well If you know German the choice is wider And you can work during your studies You wouldn't be able to work with your English in Germany. I started private classes with my friend's mother That was better but she was so kind to me and told me "I know you so busy at school It's not a problem you haven't done your homework" It was like that till I was 17 and when I was 17 I went to Russian University I realised that if want to transfer to the German University, I really need to start studying German now. I went to Goethe-Institut which is an amazing place because they have small groups, they have amazing teachers. And once I was in a group This is when I started studying because when I was alone with a private teacher I didn't have any competitors and I'm very competitive. When I saw people speaking better German than me I thought I really need to move forward And here is my first tip what I did to learn new words. I listened to Tokio Hotel I know many people hate this group sorry, hate this band They think they are for teenagers they used to be for teenagers and they used to be so mainstream so everybody would hate them but I loved them I loved every single song I would transate everything and I would learn words and I was so proud of myself when I understood their new songs. This is what really motivated me to learn German. And when I started to watch German series which is like German for beginners this is actually German TV series it's not really for foreigners it's just about a family in Germany and ther's a girl who's like 15 she falls in love with her stepbrother something like that And I was really excited about those series I learnt a lot of new words because I watched it in original with subtitles My German was A2-B1 by then And when I turned 18 I realised the only way for me to start speaking German would be to go to study German abroad. I already went to the UK two years before that I knew how the sytem worked I went to the local agency in St.Petersburg and asked them how much would it cost me to go to Germany for 2 weeks to learn German. They calculated everything and said like 2 thousand euros. I was like really, so expensive. I started to Google everything myself And I actually found my school Which is BWS German Lingua It's in Berlin. I went to Berlin I googled my school I realised that the price is much lower then the price that the agency offered It was 650 euros for 2 weeks. I stayed with an amazing family I booked everything myself it was very difficut because I had to do all the bank transfers I had to fill in all the application forms and it took me 2 weeks to figure everything out but I was able to do it this is actually how the idea of Linguatrip the booking platfrom for all language courses abroad this is when it came to my mind this is when I realised I want to do this business back when it was just an idea so I booked everything myself and I went to that German school and I stayed with an amazing German family they didn't speak English with me because they didn't know English they only spoke German and it was amazing because the first word that I leant was Haferflocken which is porridge because I eat porridge for breakfast and I was trying to explain like Can I have porridge? She doesn't speak English and I was like okay I googled it and it was Haferflocken This way I learnt a lot of basic words. that I had to know but I didn't know but because I had to communicate with my hostmother and I've leant all of these words and they were useful When I went to school this is where the best part started because they didn't have any Russian speakers When you come to a language school and you realise 50% of your class speaks your own language this is not really full immersion. My class was 19% Swiss, 10 % Russian We had 9 people from Switzerland. 50% of them was speaking Italian, 50% of them was speaking French. I was the only Russian. I made a lot of friends. I made friends with Swiss guys, with Italian guys, and we went to Berlinale together, which was a festival like film festival. We did a lot of things without teacher because he would take us to excursions And this is when I fell in love with German history. especially Berliner Mauer which is a German wall Berlin wall when they separated Berlin into two parts separated families Very tragic story. I was very interested in all of that. I went to all of the museums, and talked to a lot of people. And so 2 weeks. Just 2 weeks in Berlin. I left in ahead B1 level. I was at Goethe-Institut Then 2 weeks passed I came back to Russia My German was so fluent I came back to my group and said "Hey, I think this is too easy". But guys at Goethe-Institut told me "We need to re-test you in order to evaluate your level now". They test it again and my level was C1! If you know it's like B1, B2 and then C1. So I jumped over one level just in two weeks. They all were amazed with my progress. They like "really, you just went to Germany for 2 weeks". I was like "yes" And this is what full immersion does to you. I had a lot of words in my brain I had a lot of things which I knew But because I didn't have a chance to practice it with native speakers I wasn't in a stressful situation when I had to use everything I know.
0:08:06.346,0:08:05.923
This situation happened in Germany because nobody would get what I am saying in English And this is when all of the words started to come out and everything started to form real language And I was so happy I did it. Because in two years I got accepted into German technical University of Dresden. And I studied maths in German And I was amazing. Well, I wasn't amazing in all of the subjects But I got very good grades for trigonometrics
0:08:41.906,0:08:39.325
I guess if you're watching this video, you learn German, you get some of my words. When I was studying the University I went back to my host family in Berlin and talked to them and they were amazed by my progress Because when I came to Germany to study it was even faster. My recommendation number one. Listen to the songs in German find the band that you like and translate all of their songs. Second - watch YouTube bloggers in German I'm watching Nilam You can just google her She's German, she's amazing. Her German is very easy to understand. I watch her every now and then in order to brush up my language. Third - find TV series in German I really recommend Deutsch fur Anfanger Amazing TV series. Just watch them in original with subtitles. And fourth go to Germany or Austria or Switzerland. Whichever accent you like. BTW Swiss accent is so difficult, I don't get it. Go there at least for two weeks to study And you can go to my school, I'll leave the link below. So you can check out the prices and book it if you want. Thank you guys for watching this video Please share your experience of learning German I'd be really happy to hear your tips because I'm starting to forget my German now because I mostly use English for my work and life Please share your tips, please tell me if this video was helpful Subscribe to my channel I'd love to see you in my other videos as well. Have a good day, bye!

=== SOURCE #100 (ID: qbsRYUVSZ0s) ===
hey everyone welcome to the monthly
review the monthly show on language learning where you discover new learning
strategies motivational tips study tools and
Resources by the way all the lessons and bonuses you're about to see can be
downloaded for free on our website so click the link in the description right
now to sign up for your free lifetime account okay today's topic is how to
ramp up your language progress for the second half of the year if you've
started learning a language at the start of the Year we're now pretty much
halfway through the year has your language improved since January and what
about these next remaining months do you have any plans if you don't want to feel
guilty about being lazy with the language and if you want to end the year
strong instead of restarting next January for the millionth time then now
is the time to do it today you'll learn one the best ways to ramp up your
language progress without having to study more two seven tips and learning
tools for faster progress and three much [Music] more but first if you're looking for new free language resources and downloads
here are this month's new lessons and resources be sure to download these now
before we take them down in a few days first the all the language you need for
Everyday Life PDF ebook get all of our best conversation sheet sheets rolled up
into one PDF eBook download it right now before it disappears and second the how
to talk about your family conversation cheat sheet to get your free resources
click the link in the description below right now they're yours to keep forever
now to today's topic how to ramp up your language
progress for the second half of the year so if you want to ramp up your language
progress what should you do well let's ask the question in a different way what
can you control within your language learning you can't easily control
results because that takes time right but you can always control your effort
meaning you can do more and spend more time and for most Learners spending more
time is usually the answer and that's it just put in more time lesson over but if
you're not like most Learners if you've been learning a language without much
progress just throwing more time at the problem is not the best answer now it's
more about spending that time better because some methods get you better
results than others in the same amount of time part one the best ways to ramp
up your progress in fact there's a popular story about a Ceramics class
you'll hear if you're learning about productivity where a Ceramics teacher
split their class into two groups where one group was graded on quality where
they had to create just one perfect pot to get a perfect grade and the other
group was graded on quantity so they had to make 50 pots to get a perfect grade
and both spent the same amount of time can you guess who made the best pots was
it the group that had to just make one perfect pot or the group that made 50 in
the same amount of time well the group that made 50 pots ended up creating
higher quality pots because they learned from The Experience whereas the group
that sat around thinking of one best idea didn't get to improve at all so
both groups put in the same amount of time but one group's results were vastly
different just goes to show that if you want to ramp up your effort it's also
important to spend that time time wisely if you spend 1 hour cramming for the
week or if you spend 10 minutes a day for 6 days both adding up to 1 hour for
the week you'll make better progress with 10 minutes a day for 6 days rather
than cramming cramming doesn't work for hours up front it just doesn't work
similarly if you spend 10 minutes watching YouTube videos on language or
10 minutes saying 20 specific phrases where you're doing output over and over
you'll be way better off with the 20 phrases this second lesson from that
Ceramics class story is this frequency is much more important than the time put
in the group that got the best results made 50 pots that's 50 practice attempts
so the amount of times you do something is way more important than how long you
do it between cramming for an hour once a week and spending 10 minutes a day for
6 days which is also an hour a week you'll make better progress with 10
minutes a day for 6 days with cramming you only technically learn once and then
you forget with 10 minutes for 6 days that was six practice sessions where
your brain had time to rest time to process what you've learned and then had
a chance to revisit it the next time around allowing you to remember things
better so to recap if you want to ramp up your language progress you can put in
more time which is good enough because most Learners aren't putting in enough
time you can spend your time wisely With Better Learning techniques and you can
also increase your frequency of practice and learning so what can you do part two
seven tips and learning tools for faster progress if you want to ramp up your
language progress for the second half of the year and speak more one way to do it
would be to put in more time if you're only putting in 10 minutes a day try 20
but putting in more time for the sake of doing it may not always be the best
approach it depends on what you do with that time so if you want to ramp up your
speaking progress here's how you ramp up your output what
increase the frequency of your output or practice sessions and this is the main
takeaway from this lesson however you choose to practice you'll get better
results from practicing several times a day or several times a week instead of
once a day or once a week this is why cramming never works here's how two
practice your speaking skills by sending recordings to your Premium Plus
teacher the easiest thing you can do here is to send three recordings a day
one in the morning one during the day and one at night detailing what you've
done like I wake up I brush my teeth I have breakfast and I go to work just
send three or four lines like that nothing complicated and they'll review
your recordings and respond with corrections three take our hand graded
assessments to practice and assess your speaking and writing skills you'll find
these in the recommended pathway and remember you can always retake them
after if you want to improve your score or apply the teacher's feedback if
you're a premium member you can take our multiple choice assessments
instead four practice shadowing the lesson conversation three times in one
day for example after taking the lesson Shadow it once if it's in the morning
then do it a second time at noon and a third time in the evening or before you
go to bed the point of spacing it out throughout the day is so that you
remember it better instead of doing it once and forgetting it five practice
reading the lesson dialogue out loud if you can't easily Shadow a conversation
just yet then reading is the next best thing you can read along with the
dialogue tool lesson notes or lesson transcript six you can also practice
writing out the lesson dialogues our lesson dialogues are conversations that
you can use in real life with native speakers and by writing it out a few
times you'll remember it better that way seven use the voice recorder to record
and compare yourself with native speakers you'll find the voice recorder
inside the dialogue tool in all of our lessons just look for the microphone
icon next to each line by the way all of these suggestions shouldn't take more
than 10 or 15 minutes and all of these shouldn't be done just once a week just
pick one or two from this list of suggestions and try them out the goal
here is to increase the frequency of sessions or output throughout the day or
week remember even though putting in more time can be a way to ramp up your
progress you still have to apply that time wisely you could spend 15 minutes
practicing speaking or do just 5 minutes three times throughout the day which is
also 15 minutes but you remember things better with the extra repetition thank
you for watching this episode of monthly review next time we'll talk about how to
maintain your mindset and language learning routine if you enjoyed these
tips hit the like button share the video with anyone who's trying to learn a
language and subscribe to our Channel we release new videos every week and if
you're ready to finally learn language the fast fun and easy way and start
speaking from your very first lesson get our complete learning program sign up
for your free lifetime account right now click the link in the description see
you next time bye